at the beach, one thing that might protect you from sun is	umbrella.
at the beach, one thing that might protect you from sun is	sunscreen.
at the beach, one thing that might protect you from sun is	sun hat.
at the beach, one thing that might protect you from sun is	sunglasses.
at the beach, one thing that might protect you from sun is	cover up.
at the beach, one thing that might protect you from sun is	shade.
after a week of camping, one luxury oh home are you most excited to have again is	bed.
after a week of camping, one luxury oh home are you most excited to have again is	shower.
after a week of camping, one luxury oh home are you most excited to have again is	tv.
after a week of camping, one luxury oh home are you most excited to have again is	toilet.
after a week of camping, one luxury oh home are you most excited to have again is	electricity.
after a week of camping, one luxury oh home are you most excited to have again is	air conditioner.
after a week of camping, one luxury oh home are you most excited to have again is	computer.
after having kids one thing that happens that interrupts a couples alone time at night is	crying baby.
after having kids one thing that happens that interrupts a couples alone time at night is	nightmares.
after having kids one thing that happens that interrupts a couples alone time at night is	feeding times.
after having kids one thing that happens that interrupts a couples alone time at night is	sick kid.
at one age might a man have midlifecrisis is	40.
at one age might a man have midlifecrisis is	45.
at one age might a man have midlifecrisis is	50.
at one age might a man have midlifecrisis is	30.
at one age might a man have midlifecrisis is	35.
at one age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only) is	25.
at one age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only) is	20.
at one age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only) is	21.
at one age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only) is	30.
at one age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only) is	18.
at one age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only) is	22.
at one age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only) is	24.
Q: ame a reason why you might be nervous while driving? A:	weather conditions.
Q: ame a reason why you might be nervous while driving? A:	heavy traffic.
Q: ame a reason why you might be nervous while driving? A:	new driver.
Q: ame a reason why you might be nervous while driving? A:	spot a police car.
Q: ame a reason why you might be nervous while driving? A:	tailgating.
Q: ame a reason why you might be nervous while driving? A:	lost.
aside from animals one thing people hunt for is	bargains.
aside from animals one thing people hunt for is	treasure.
aside from animals one thing people hunt for is	easter eggs.
aside from animals one thing people hunt for is	lost keys.
aside from animals one thing people hunt for is	job.
aside from animals one thing people hunt for is	dates.
according to men one is something men look for when choosing a mate is	good looks.
according to men one is something men look for when choosing a mate is	personality.
according to men one is something men look for when choosing a mate is	financial security.
according to men one is something men look for when choosing a mate is	compatibility.
according to men one is something men look for when choosing a mate is	sense of humor.
according to men one is something men look for when choosing a mate is	honesty.
besides a waiter, one job at a restaurant is	chef.
besides a waiter, one job at a restaurant is	host.
besides a waiter, one job at a restaurant is	dishwasher.
besides a waiter, one job at a restaurant is	cashier.
besides a waiter, one job at a restaurant is	busser.
besides books one thing people read is	magazines.
besides books one thing people read is	news papers.
besides books one thing people read is	road signs.
besides books one thing people read is	poems.
besides books one thing people read is	billboards.
besides music one thing you might hear on a morning radio show is	news.
besides music one thing you might hear on a morning radio show is	talking.
besides music one thing you might hear on a morning radio show is	weather.
besides music one thing you might hear on a morning radio show is	jokes.
besides music one thing you might hear on a morning radio show is	commercials.
besides music one thing you might hear on a morning radio show is	traffic.
besides music one thing you might hear on a morning radio show is	sports.
being in hot water is one way of saying youre in trouble  another is	in the doghouse.
being in hot water is one way of saying youre in trouble  another is	on thin ice.
being in hot water is one way of saying youre in trouble  another is	in a pickle.
being in hot water is one way of saying youre in trouble  another is	burned your bridges.
being in hot water is one way of saying youre in trouble  another is	river without paddle.
based on how much you use it, one do you consider the greatest invention ever is	telephone.
based on how much you use it, one do you consider the greatest invention ever is	electricity.
based on how much you use it, one do you consider the greatest invention ever is	tv.
based on how much you use it, one do you consider the greatest invention ever is	car.
based on how much you use it, one do you consider the greatest invention ever is	computer.
based on how much you use it, one do you consider the greatest invention ever is	microwave.
besides plastic surgery, one thing women can do to dramatically change her appearance is	lose weight.
besides plastic surgery, one thing women can do to dramatically change her appearance is	hair stylist.
besides the sun and the moon, one thing else that rises is	bread/yeast.
besides the sun and the moon, one thing else that rises is	people.
besides the sun and the moon, one thing else that rises is	heat/temperature.
besides the sun and the moon, one thing else that rises is	tide/sea.
besides turkey one dish served at thanksgiving is	ham.
besides turkey one dish served at thanksgiving is	stuffing.
besides turkey one dish served at thanksgiving is	sweet potatoes.
besides turkey one dish served at thanksgiving is	cranberries.
besides turkey one dish served at thanksgiving is	potatoes.
besides turkey one dish served at thanksgiving is	pumpkin pie.
besides milk, one popular dairy product is	cheese.
besides milk, one popular dairy product is	ice cream.
besides milk, one popular dairy product is	yogurt.
besides milk, one popular dairy product is	butter.
besides pirates, one thing you might find on an old pirate ship is	treasure.
besides pirates, one thing you might find on an old pirate ship is	flag.
besides pirates, one thing you might find on an old pirate ship is	sails.
besides pirates, one thing you might find on an old pirate ship is	cannon.
besides pirates, one thing you might find on an old pirate ship is	sword.
besides pirates, one thing you might find on an old pirate ship is	bones.
besides the american revolution,  another revolution is	french revolution.
besides the american revolution,  another revolution is	industrial revolution.
besides the american revolution,  another revolution is	mexican revolution.
besides the american revolution,  another revolution is	spanish revolution.
besides a mattress, one thing people sleep on is	couch.
besides a mattress, one thing people sleep on is	floor.
besides a mattress, one thing people sleep on is	futon.
besides a mattress, one thing people sleep on is	pillow.
besides a mattress, one thing people sleep on is	blanket.
besides a mattress, one thing people sleep on is	sleeping bag.
besides sand, one thing you'd need to make a sand castle is	water.
besides sand, one thing you'd need to make a sand castle is	bucket.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	coinage.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	riches.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	money.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	wealth.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	currency.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	bucks.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	cash.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	meals.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	groceries.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	food.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	suppers.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	edibles.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	eats.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	nutrients.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	dinner.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	desserts.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	sandwiches.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	tucker.
besides trash one thing specific people throw away every day is	lunches.
besides a rose,  the best-selling flower at a flower shop is	carnation.
besides a rose,  the best-selling flower at a flower shop is	lily.
besides a rose,  the best-selling flower at a flower shop is	tulip.
besides a rose,  the best-selling flower at a flower shop is	daisy.
besides a rose,  the best-selling flower at a flower shop is	orchid.
besides a rose,  the best-selling flower at a flower shop is	chrysanthemum.
Q: daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host? A:	oprah winfrey.
Q: daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host? A:	david letterman.
Q: daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host? A:	montel williams.
Q: daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host? A:	regis philbin.
Q: daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host? A:	jay leno.
Q: daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host? A:	ellen degeneres.
Q: daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host? A:	ricki lake.
dogs chase cats one do cats chase is	mice.
dogs chase cats one do cats chase is	birds.
dogs chase cats one do cats chase is	balls.
dogs chase cats one do cats chase is	dogs.
give me a woman's  with 3 letters is	ann.
give me a woman's  with 3 letters is	sue.
give me a woman's  with 3 letters is	amy.
give me a woman's  with 3 letters is	eve.
give me a woman's  with 3 letters is	pam.
give me a woman's  with 3 letters is	mia.
one fruit or vegetable that is purple is	eggplant.
one fruit or vegetable that is purple is	plum.
one fruit or vegetable that is purple is	grape.
one fruit or vegetable that is purple is	cabbage.
one fruit or vegetable that is purple is	beets.
one part of your body that never stops growing is	hair.
one part of your body that never stops growing is	nails.
one part of your body that never stops growing is	brain/mind.
one part of your body that never stops growing is	feet.
one part of your body that never stops growing is	bottom.
one part of your body that never stops growing is	stomach.
one reason for moving away from your hometown is	career change.
one reason for moving away from your hometown is	going to college.
one reason for moving away from your hometown is	an ex.
one reason for moving away from your hometown is	significant other.
one word or phrase with the word belly is	belly button.
one word or phrase with the word belly is	jelly belly.
one word or phrase with the word belly is	belly dance.
one word or phrase with the word belly is	belly ache.
one word or phrase with the word belly is	belly flop.
one word or phrase with the word belly is	round belly.
Q: how could you tell that one person's id is fake? A:	photo doesn't match.
Q: how could you tell that one person's id is fake? A:	made up name.
Q: how could you tell that one person's id is fake? A:	expired date.
Q: how could you tell that one person's id is fake? A:	no seal.
one way to tell that your date isn't interested in the movie is	falls asleep.
one way to tell that your date isn't interested in the movie is	yawning.
one way to tell that your date isn't interested in the movie is	more into you.
one way to tell that your date isn't interested in the movie is	talking alot.
one way to tell that your date isn't interested in the movie is	bathroom often.
one way to tell that your date isn't interested in the movie is	goes home.
one way to tell one car apart from another of the same model and year is	color.
one way to tell one car apart from another of the same model and year is	license plate.
one way to tell one car apart from another of the same model and year is	dents.
one way to tell one car apart from another of the same model and year is	bumper stickers.
one way to tell one car apart from another of the same model and year is	tires.
one way to tell one car apart from another of the same model and year is	dirty/clean.
one way to tell that a letter was written by one person who hates to waste paper is	small print.
one way to tell that a letter was written by one person who hates to waste paper is	mistakes.
one way to tell that a letter was written by one person who hates to waste paper is	both sides used.
one way to tell that a letter was written by one person who hates to waste paper is	recycle paper.
Q: how old were you when you babysat for the first time? A:	10.
Q: how old were you when you babysat for the first time? A:	12.
Q: how old were you when you babysat for the first time? A:	13.
Q: how old were you when you babysat for the first time? A:	14.
Q: how old were you when you babysat for the first time? A:	15.
Q: how might an employer find out about an applicant even before the interview? A:	resume.
Q: how might an employer find out about an applicant even before the interview? A:	internet.
Q: how many credit cards does the average person have? A:	3.
Q: how many credit cards does the average person have? A:	5.
one way to tell that your neighbors are out-of-town is	lights off.
one way to tell that your neighbors are out-of-town is	newspaper.
Q: how many generations of your family have lived in the united states? A:	three.
Q: how many generations of your family have lived in the united states? A:	six.
Q: how many generations of your family have lived in the united states? A:	four.
Q: how many generations of your family have lived in the united states? A:	two.
Q: how many generations of your family have lived in the united states? A:	five.
Q: how many generations of your family have lived in the united states? A:	ten.
if you ordered a pizza with the works one topping that youd expect is	pepperoni.
if you ordered a pizza with the works one topping that youd expect is	onions.
if you ordered a pizza with the works one topping that youd expect is	mushrooms.
if you ordered a pizza with the works one topping that youd expect is	sausage.
if you ordered a pizza with the works one topping that youd expect is	olives.
if you ordered a pizza with the works one topping that youd expect is	anchovies.
if you ordered a pizza with the works one topping that youd expect is	peppers.
Q: in minutes how long is your commute to work? A:	5.
Q: in minutes how long is your commute to work? A:	10.
Q: in minutes how long is your commute to work? A:	15.
Q: in minutes how long is your commute to work? A:	20.
Q: in minutes how long is your commute to work? A:	30.
Q: in minutes how long is your commute to work? A:	45.
Q: in minutes how long is your commute to work? A:	60.
instead of a horse, one animal is it hard to imagine a cowboy riding is	cow.
instead of a horse, one animal is it hard to imagine a cowboy riding is	dog.
instead of a horse, one animal is it hard to imagine a cowboy riding is	pig.
instead of a horse, one animal is it hard to imagine a cowboy riding is	donkey.
instead of a horse, one animal is it hard to imagine a cowboy riding is	elephant.
instead of a horse, one animal is it hard to imagine a cowboy riding is	camel.
if you sent a postcard from china one would be pictured on the front is	great wall.
if you sent a postcard from china one would be pictured on the front is	panda.
if you sent a postcard from china one would be pictured on the front is	dragon.
if you sent a postcard from china one would be pictured on the front is	temple.
if you were offered a magic carpet ride, one thing you'd want to add to it to make your trip more comfortable is	seat/cushion.
if you were offered a magic carpet ride, one thing you'd want to add to it to make your trip more comfortable is	refreshments.
if you were offered a magic carpet ride, one thing you'd want to add to it to make your trip more comfortable is	safety belt.
if you were offered a magic carpet ride, one thing you'd want to add to it to make your trip more comfortable is	tv.
if you were offered a magic carpet ride, one thing you'd want to add to it to make your trip more comfortable is	blanket.
if you were offered a magic carpet ride, one thing you'd want to add to it to make your trip more comfortable is	bathroom.
if men carried purses one thing youd find inside them is	wallet/money.
if men carried purses one thing youd find inside them is	cell phone.
if men carried purses one thing youd find inside them is	cigarettes.
if men carried purses one thing youd find inside them is	keys.
if men carried purses one thing youd find inside them is	tools.
if peter pan had a phone,  one person he'd probably have on speed dial is	tinker bell.
if peter pan had a phone,  one person he'd probably have on speed dial is	wendy.
if peter pan had a phone,  one person he'd probably have on speed dial is	captain hook.
if peter pan had a phone,  one person he'd probably have on speed dial is	lost boys.
if peter pan had a phone,  one person he'd probably have on speed dial is	croc.
if your cat learned to speak, one thing it would ask for is	food/milk.
if your cat learned to speak, one thing it would ask for is	pets/scratches.
if your cat learned to speak, one thing it would ask for is	clean litterbox.
if your cat learned to speak, one thing it would ask for is	catnip.
if your cat learned to speak, one thing it would ask for is	attention.
if you were dating a real knight in shining armor, one thing you'd have difficulty doing together is	kissing/snuggling.
if you were dating a real knight in shining armor, one thing you'd have difficulty doing together is	walking.
if you were dating a real knight in shining armor, one thing you'd have difficulty doing together is	dancing.
if you were dating a real knight in shining armor, one thing you'd have difficulty doing together is	eating.
Q: instead of a schoolbus how might a wealthy kid get to school? A:	limo.
Q: instead of a schoolbus how might a wealthy kid get to school? A:	their own car.
Q: instead of a schoolbus how might a wealthy kid get to school? A:	taxi.
Q: instead of a schoolbus how might a wealthy kid get to school? A:	helicopter.
if adults trick or treated, one might they request instead of candy is	money.
if adults trick or treated, one might they request instead of candy is	alcohol.
if adults trick or treated, one might they request instead of candy is	cigarettes.
in action movies, one thing the hero is always trying to get his hands on is	money.
in action movies, one thing the hero is always trying to get his hands on is	leading lady.
in action movies, one thing the hero is always trying to get his hands on is	gun.
in action movies, one thing the hero is always trying to get his hands on is	bad guy.
Q: if there was no speed limit, how fast would you drive on the way to work each morning (round to ten)? A:	100mph.
Q: if there was no speed limit, how fast would you drive on the way to work each morning (round to ten)? A:	80 mph.
Q: if there was no speed limit, how fast would you drive on the way to work each morning (round to ten)? A:	70 mph.
Q: if there was no speed limit, how fast would you drive on the way to work each morning (round to ten)? A:	90 mph.
Q: if there was no speed limit, how fast would you drive on the way to work each morning (round to ten)? A:	60 mph.
if all else fails one thing people get for dad for the holidays is	tie.
if all else fails one thing people get for dad for the holidays is	tools.
if all else fails one thing people get for dad for the holidays is	socks.
if all else fails one thing people get for dad for the holidays is	money.
if all else fails one thing people get for dad for the holidays is	cologne.
if all else fails one thing people get for dad for the holidays is	shirt.
if all else fails one thing people get for dad for the holidays is	watch.
in a large family,one often gets mixed up with that of your siblings is	laundry.
in a large family,one often gets mixed up with that of your siblings is	names.
in a large family,one often gets mixed up with that of your siblings is	toys.
in a large family,one often gets mixed up with that of your siblings is	birthdays.
in a large family,one often gets mixed up with that of your siblings is	food.
in a large family,one often gets mixed up with that of your siblings is	toothbrush.
in a conversation with the world's most boring person, one subject that would surely come up is	politics.
in a conversation with the world's most boring person, one subject that would surely come up is	weather.
in a conversation with the world's most boring person, one subject that would surely come up is	books.
in a conversation with the world's most boring person, one subject that would surely come up is	work.
if you wanted to impersonate mary poppins, one would you do is	flying umbrella.
if you wanted to impersonate mary poppins, one would you do is	sing.
if you wanted to impersonate mary poppins, one would you do is	dance.
if you wanted to impersonate mary poppins, one would you do is	spoonful of sugar.
if you wanted to impersonate mary poppins, one would you do is	british accent.
if you wanted to impersonate mary poppins, one would you do is	babysit.
if you were out of town and forgot to pack a change of clothes one would you do is	buy some.
if you were out of town and forgot to pack a change of clothes one would you do is	borrow clothes.
if you were out of town and forgot to pack a change of clothes one would you do is	wash clothes.
if you were out of town and forgot to pack a change of clothes one would you do is	wear dirty clothes.
if you're going to do your own taxes, one thing you probably need is	computer/calculator.
if you're going to do your own taxes, one thing you probably need is	forms.
if you're going to do your own taxes, one thing you probably need is	records.
if you're going to do your own taxes, one thing you probably need is	pencil.
Q: if you met the real life prince charming how would you know it was him? A:	wears a crown.
Q: if you met the real life prince charming how would you know it was him? A:	rides white horse.
Q: if you met the real life prince charming how would you know it was him? A:	good looking.
Q: if you met the real life prince charming how would you know it was him? A:	magical kiss.
in one profession would it be easiest to get away with wearing sweat pants is	gym teacher/coach.
in one profession would it be easiest to get away with wearing sweat pants is	personal trainer.
in one profession would it be easiest to get away with wearing sweat pants is	janitor.
in one profession would it be easiest to get away with wearing sweat pants is	babysitter.
if an alien landed at christmas time one christmas tradition that would be hard to explain is	santa.
if an alien landed at christmas time one christmas tradition that would be hard to explain is	wrap/exchange gifts.
if an alien landed at christmas time one christmas tradition that would be hard to explain is	tree in house.
if an alien landed at christmas time one christmas tradition that would be hard to explain is	caroling.
if an alien landed at christmas time one christmas tradition that would be hard to explain is	kiss under mistletoe.
Q: if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose? A:	morgan freeman.
Q: if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose? A:	james earl jones.
Q: if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose? A:	brad pitt.
Q: if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose? A:	julia roberts.
Q: if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose? A:	sean connery.
Q: if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose? A:	denzil washington.
Q: if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose? A:	robert redford.
if there was an award for "loudest in the zoo," one animal would win it is	lion.
if there was an award for "loudest in the zoo," one animal would win it is	elephant.
if there was an award for "loudest in the zoo," one animal would win it is	monkey.
if you were going to be a contestant on jeopardy, one specific subject area you'd want to memorize beforehand is	history.
if you were going to be a contestant on jeopardy, one specific subject area you'd want to memorize beforehand is	geography.
if you were going to be a contestant on jeopardy, one specific subject area you'd want to memorize beforehand is	movies.
if you were going to be a contestant on jeopardy, one specific subject area you'd want to memorize beforehand is	current events.
if you were going to be a contestant on jeopardy, one specific subject area you'd want to memorize beforehand is	the bible.
if you could describe yourself as a shape  the shape you would be is	triangle.
if you could describe yourself as a shape  the shape you would be is	circle.
if you could describe yourself as a shape  the shape you would be is	square.
if you could describe yourself as a shape  the shape you would be is	oval.
if you could describe yourself as a shape  the shape you would be is	rectangle.
if you could describe yourself as a shape  the shape you would be is	diamond.
if you could describe yourself as a shape  the shape you would be is	star.
if you could not live in the us, one country would you want to live in is	australia.
if you could not live in the us, one country would you want to live in is	canada.
if you could not live in the us, one country would you want to live in is	france.
if you could not live in the us, one country would you want to live in is	united kingdom.
if you could not live in the us, one country would you want to live in is	germany.
if a man goes by the  "al," what might it be short for is	albert.
if a man goes by the  "al," what might it be short for is	alan.
if you were going on a diet tomorrow, one food would you be shoving in your mouth today is	pizza.
if you were going on a diet tomorrow, one food would you be shoving in your mouth today is	icecream.
if you were going on a diet tomorrow, one food would you be shoving in your mouth today is	chocolate.
if you were going on a diet tomorrow, one food would you be shoving in your mouth today is	candy.
if you were going on a diet tomorrow, one food would you be shoving in your mouth today is	steak.
if you could afford it, one kind of car you would be driving is	mercedes.
if you could afford it, one kind of car you would be driving is	lexus.
if you could afford it, one kind of car you would be driving is	jaguar.
if you could afford it, one kind of car you would be driving is	cadillac.
if you could afford it, one kind of car you would be driving is	bmw.
if you turned into a kangaroo, one thing you'd have to get used to is	hopping.
if you turned into a kangaroo, one thing you'd have to get used to is	large tail.
if you couldn't live in the us, one country would you choose to live in is	canada.
if you couldn't live in the us, one country would you choose to live in is	england.
if you couldn't live in the us, one country would you choose to live in is	ireland.
if you couldn't live in the us, one country would you choose to live in is	spain.
if you couldn't live in the us, one country would you choose to live in is	australia.
if you were literally in the doghouse for the night, one thing you'd like in there with you is	blanket/pillow.
if you were literally in the doghouse for the night, one thing you'd like in there with you is	tv.
if you were literally in the doghouse for the night, one thing you'd like in there with you is	significant other.
if you were literally in the doghouse for the night, one thing you'd like in there with you is	food/water.
if you were literally in the doghouse for the night, one thing you'd like in there with you is	book/bible.
if you were literally in the doghouse for the night, one thing you'd like in there with you is	dog.
if a bachelor had to suddenly take care of a baby, one thing he'd have to learn how to do fast is	change diapers.
if a bachelor had to suddenly take care of a baby, one thing he'd have to learn how to do fast is	feed.
if you were driving one person else's car, one thing that would be hard to get used to is	seat.
if you were driving one person else's car, one thing that would be hard to get used to is	brakes.
if you were driving one person else's car, one thing that would be hard to get used to is	steering wheel.
if you were driving one person else's car, one thing that would be hard to get used to is	mirrors.
if you were driving one person else's car, one thing that would be hard to get used to is	stick shift.
if you were driving one person else's car, one thing that would be hard to get used to is	stereo.
Q: if you were a stand-up comedian, who would you not want to have in your audience? A:	heckler.
Q: if you were a stand-up comedian, who would you not want to have in your audience? A:	parents.
Q: if you were a stand-up comedian, who would you not want to have in your audience? A:	children.
Q: if you were a stand-up comedian, who would you not want to have in your audience? A:	another comedian.
Q: if you were a stand-up comedian, who would you not want to have in your audience? A:	spouse.
instead of a person one thing a child talks to is	doll/stuffed animal.
instead of a person one thing a child talks to is	imaginary friend.
instead of a person one thing a child talks to is	pet.
instead of a person one thing a child talks to is	god.
if you got access to a police car one's the first thing you'd want to do is	turn on siren.
if you got access to a police car one's the first thing you'd want to do is	speed.
if you got access to a police car one's the first thing you'd want to do is	turn on lights.
if you got access to a police car one's the first thing you'd want to do is	pull someone over.
if voodoo dolls really worked, one person from your life you'd stick a pin in from time to time is	an ex.
if voodoo dolls really worked, one person from your life you'd stick a pin in from time to time is	spouse.
if voodoo dolls really worked, one person from your life you'd stick a pin in from time to time is	boss/ex boss.
if voodoo dolls really worked, one person from your life you'd stick a pin in from time to time is	sibling.
if voodoo dolls really worked, one person from your life you'd stick a pin in from time to time is	the in-laws.
if voodoo dolls really worked, one person from your life you'd stick a pin in from time to time is	a friend.
if a matador is too wimpy to fight a bull, one animal he might fight instead is	cow.
if a matador is too wimpy to fight a bull, one animal he might fight instead is	goat.
if a matador is too wimpy to fight a bull, one animal he might fight instead is	person.
if a matador is too wimpy to fight a bull, one animal he might fight instead is	cat.
if a matador is too wimpy to fight a bull, one animal he might fight instead is	chicken.
if a matador is too wimpy to fight a bull, one animal he might fight instead is	donkey.
in your opinion, one occupation has the most masculine men is	construction.
in your opinion, one occupation has the most masculine men is	pro sports.
in your opinion, one occupation has the most masculine men is	firemen/paramedic.
in your opinion, one occupation has the most masculine men is	fitness trainer.
in your opinion, one occupation has the most masculine men is	police officer.
in your opinion, one occupation has the most masculine men is	lifeguard.
if they were smart one place that horror movie characters would stay far away from is	woods.
if they were smart one place that horror movie characters would stay far away from is	cemetery.
if they were smart one place that horror movie characters would stay far away from is	basement.
if they were smart one place that horror movie characters would stay far away from is	place of worship.
in a crowded house one thing specific that people have to line up to use is	toilet.
in a crowded house one thing specific that people have to line up to use is	shower.
in a crowded house one thing specific that people have to line up to use is	phone.
if you were dead tired, one thing you might forget to do before climbing into bed is	brush teeth.
if you were dead tired, one thing you might forget to do before climbing into bed is	clothes.
if you were dead tired, one thing you might forget to do before climbing into bed is	prayers.
if you were dead tired, one thing you might forget to do before climbing into bed is	lock door.
if you were dead tired, one thing you might forget to do before climbing into bed is	turn off light.
if you were dead tired, one thing you might forget to do before climbing into bed is	shower.
if a baby was six feet tall, one thing you'd have a hard time buying for him is	clothes/shoes.
if a baby was six feet tall, one thing you'd have a hard time buying for him is	diapers.
if a baby was six feet tall, one thing you'd have a hard time buying for him is	crib.
if a baby was six feet tall, one thing you'd have a hard time buying for him is	car seat.
in the shower, one part of the body is soaped first is	arms.
in the shower, one part of the body is soaped first is	abdomen.
in the shower, one part of the body is soaped first is	face.
in the shower, one part of the body is soaped first is	chest.
in the shower, one part of the body is soaped first is	underarm.
in the shower, one part of the body is soaped first is	hands.
love is the right reason to get married  one of the wrong reasons is	money/status.
love is the right reason to get married  one of the wrong reasons is	lust/infatuation.
love is the right reason to get married  one of the wrong reasons is	children/pregnant.
love is the right reason to get married  one of the wrong reasons is	people expect it.
love is the right reason to get married  one of the wrong reasons is	to spite parents.
many people want to be a hilton but  another real family you'd rather join is	the trumps.
many people want to be a hilton but  another real family you'd rather join is	the gates.
many people want to be a hilton but  another real family you'd rather join is	the osbournes.
many people want to be a hilton but  another real family you'd rather join is	the kennedys.
many people want to be a hilton but  another real family you'd rather join is	the rockefellers.
many people want to be a hilton but  another real family you'd rather join is	the clintons.
men hunt for animals one do women hunt for is	men/husbands.
men hunt for animals one do women hunt for is	clothes/shoes.
men hunt for animals one do women hunt for is	bargains.
men hunt for animals one do women hunt for is	big bank account.
men hunt for animals one do women hunt for is	diamonds/jewelry.
one thing you mix with water before drinking is	kool aid.
one thing you mix with water before drinking is	tea.
one thing you mix with water before drinking is	juice concentrate.
one thing you mix with water before drinking is	coffee.
one thing a contestant in a beauty pageant might wear is	bathing suit.
one thing a contestant in a beauty pageant might wear is	gown.
one thing a contestant in a beauty pageant might wear is	makeup.
one accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure is	gun.
one accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure is	car.
one accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure is	sunglasses.
one accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure is	phone.
one accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure is	clothes.
one accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure is	watch.
one accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure is	briefcase.
one thing specific a man often compliments a woman on when trying to pick her up is	eyes.
one thing specific a man often compliments a woman on when trying to pick her up is	hair.
one thing specific a man often compliments a woman on when trying to pick her up is	smile.
one thing specific a man often compliments a woman on when trying to pick her up is	clothes.
one thing specific a man often compliments a woman on when trying to pick her up is	body.
one thing that would be hard to steal from a hotel room is	television.
one thing that would be hard to steal from a hotel room is	bed.
one thing that would be hard to steal from a hotel room is	table.
one thing that would be hard to steal from a hotel room is	mini bar.
one thing that would be hard to steal from a hotel room is	couch.
one thing that would be hard to steal from a hotel room is	picture.
one thing you wouldnt want your kid bringing home from school is	lice.
one thing you wouldnt want your kid bringing home from school is	bad grades.
one thing you wouldnt want your kid bringing home from school is	drugs.
one thing you wouldnt want your kid bringing home from school is	illness.
one thing you wouldnt want your kid bringing home from school is	germs.
one thing you remember about the tv show mash is	hot lips.
one thing you remember about the tv show mash is	hawkeye.
one thing you remember about the tv show mash is	radar.
one thing you remember about the tv show mash is	war.
one thing you remember about the tv show mash is	doctors.
one thing you remember about the tv show mash is	theme music.
one thing you remember about the tv show mash is	klinger.
one christmas movie people are tired of is	a wonderful life.
one christmas movie people are tired of is	white christmas.
one christmas movie people are tired of is	miracle on 34th st.
one christmas movie people are tired of is	home alone.
one christmas movie people are tired of is	nightmare before.
one christmas movie people are tired of is	christmas story.
one party game that you'd be surprised to find at an adult's birthday is	pin the tail.
one party game that you'd be surprised to find at an adult's birthday is	twister.
one party game that you'd be surprised to find at an adult's birthday is	spin the bottle.
one party game that you'd be surprised to find at an adult's birthday is	musical chairs.
one thing people cover when it rains is	head.
one thing people cover when it rains is	car.
one thing people cover when it rains is	outdoor furniture.
one thing people cover when it rains is	pool.
one comfort food that has cheese in/on it is	pizza.
one comfort food that has cheese in/on it is	mac and cheese.
one comfort food that has cheese in/on it is	grilled cheese.
one comfort food that has cheese in/on it is	nachos.
one comfort food that has cheese in/on it is	crackers.
one thing a really smart kid probably spends his summer doing is	reading.
one thing a really smart kid probably spends his summer doing is	study.
one thing a really smart kid probably spends his summer doing is	summer school.
one thing a really smart kid probably spends his summer doing is	working.
one thing a really smart kid probably spends his summer doing is	camp.
one thing a really smart kid probably spends his summer doing is	stay on computer.
one reason a husband might send his wife flowers is	anniversary.
one reason a husband might send his wife flowers is	apology.
one reason a husband might send his wife flowers is	birthday.
one reason a husband might send his wife flowers is	valentine's day.
one reason a husband might send his wife flowers is	mother's day.
one thing people claim to have seen that others think is crazy is	ufo.
one thing people claim to have seen that others think is crazy is	elvis.
one thing people claim to have seen that others think is crazy is	ghost.
one thing people claim to have seen that others think is crazy is	big foot.
one thing people claim to have seen that others think is crazy is	lochness monster.
one thing people claim to have seen that others think is crazy is	angel.
one city with a lot of pollution is	los angeles.
one city with a lot of pollution is	new york.
one city with a lot of pollution is	st. louis.
one city with a lot of pollution is	cleveland.
one city with a lot of pollution is	chicago.
one city with a lot of pollution is	houston.
one city with a lot of pollution is	detroit.
one sign your girlfriend might be turning into a mermaid is	grows tail.
one sign your girlfriend might be turning into a mermaid is	she swims often.
one sign your girlfriend might be turning into a mermaid is	getting scales.
one sign your girlfriend might be turning into a mermaid is	always in water.
one sign your girlfriend might be turning into a mermaid is	gills.
one thing that the human body has more than 2 of is	digits.
one thing that the human body has more than 2 of is	bones.
one thing that the human body has more than 2 of is	hairs.
one thing that the human body has more than 2 of is	teeth.
one thing that youd find more commonly in france than in the us is	wine.
one thing that youd find more commonly in france than in the us is	cheese.
one thing that youd find more commonly in france than in the us is	french people.
one thing that youd find more commonly in france than in the us is	art.
one thing that youd find more commonly in france than in the us is	beret.
one thing the president might say is too long is	speeches.
one thing the president might say is too long is	legislative process.
one thing the president might say is too long is	wars.
one thing the president might say is too long is	election process.
one thing the president might say is too long is	political terms.
one thing the president might say is too long is	the recession.
one thing you make for dinner when you're short on time is	pizza.
one thing you make for dinner when you're short on time is	spaghetti.
one thing you make for dinner when you're short on time is	tv dinners.
one thing you make for dinner when you're short on time is	hot dogs.
one thing you make for dinner when you're short on time is	sandwiches.
one thing you make for dinner when you're short on time is	mac and cheese.
one job that people did more 100 years ago than today is	farmer.
one job that people did more 100 years ago than today is	blacksmith.
one job that people did more 100 years ago than today is	carpenter.
one job that people did more 100 years ago than today is	miner.
one thing that might be carved into a christmas ice sculpture is	angel/religious fig..
one thing that might be carved into a christmas ice sculpture is	tree.
one thing that might be carved into a christmas ice sculpture is	santa/reindeer.
one thing that might be carved into a christmas ice sculpture is	penguins/animals.
one thing that might be carved into a christmas ice sculpture is	snowflake.
one thing about you that has not changed as youve gotten older is	personality/attitude.
one thing about you that has not changed as youve gotten older is	eyes.
one thing about you that has not changed as youve gotten older is	name.
one thing about you that has not changed as youve gotten older is	sense of humor.
one thing about you that has not changed as youve gotten older is	smile.
one animal that's often described as "beautiful" is	cat.
one animal that's often described as "beautiful" is	deer.
one animal that's often described as "beautiful" is	horse.
one animal that's often described as "beautiful" is	bird.
one animal that's often described as "beautiful" is	lion.
one animal that's often described as "beautiful" is	swan.
one thing more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift is	eat/ drink.
one thing more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift is	talk on phone.
one thing more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift is	smoke.
one thing more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift is	change gears.
one thing more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift is	stop.
one thing more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift is	park.
one thing more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift is	steer.
one gift that a very practical woman would not be impressed by receiving from a man is	flowers.
one gift that a very practical woman would not be impressed by receiving from a man is	jewelry.
one gift that a very practical woman would not be impressed by receiving from a man is	perfume.
one gift that a very practical woman would not be impressed by receiving from a man is	candy.
one gift that a very practical woman would not be impressed by receiving from a man is	lingerie.
one place where people are asked to rise is	place of worship.
one place where people are asked to rise is	court.
one place where people are asked to rise is	school.
one place where people are asked to rise is	sporting event.
one place where people are asked to rise is	wedding.
one famous sight that tourists take an elevator up to see is	empire state bldg..
one famous sight that tourists take an elevator up to see is	eiffel tower.
one famous sight that tourists take an elevator up to see is	statue of liberty.
one famous sight that tourists take an elevator up to see is	sears tower.
one thing you might stop to do when driving across the country is	eat.
one thing you might stop to do when driving across the country is	rest stop.
one thing you might stop to do when driving across the country is	fill up gas.
one thing you might stop to do when driving across the country is	ask directions.
one thing you might stop to do when driving across the country is	take pictures.
one thing you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!" is	fireworks.
one thing you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!" is	shooting star.
one thing you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!" is	rainbow.
one thing you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!" is	hot air balloon.
one thing you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!" is	airplane.
one thing you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!" is	blimp.
one thing you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!" is	dark clouds.
one activity thatd be hard to do by candlelight is	read.
one activity thatd be hard to do by candlelight is	cook.
one activity thatd be hard to do by candlelight is	write.
one activity thatd be hard to do by candlelight is	sew.
one thing you're not supposed to do while filling your gas tank is	smoke.
one thing you're not supposed to do while filling your gas tank is	talk on cell phone.
one thing you're not supposed to do while filling your gas tank is	walk away.
one thing you're not supposed to do while filling your gas tank is	leave the car on.
one thing naughty that a grandpa might secretly let his grandson get away with is	looking at girls.
one thing naughty that a grandpa might secretly let his grandson get away with is	sipping beer.
one thing naughty that a grandpa might secretly let his grandson get away with is	eating sweets.
one thing naughty that a grandpa might secretly let his grandson get away with is	staying up late.
one thing naughty that a grandpa might secretly let his grandson get away with is	bad language.
one thing that its hard to do while listening to music is	read.
one thing that its hard to do while listening to music is	have a conversation.
one thing that its hard to do while listening to music is	watch tv.
one thing that its hard to do while listening to music is	study.
one thing that its hard to do while listening to music is	fall asleep.
one thing that its hard to do while listening to music is	concentrate.
one reason you might be glad to put on a few pounds is	too thin.
one reason you might be glad to put on a few pounds is	wrestler/athlete.
one reason you might be glad to put on a few pounds is	been sick.
one reason you might be glad to put on a few pounds is	pregnant.
one reason you might be glad to put on a few pounds is	winter/keep warm.
one reason you might be glad to put on a few pounds is	actor/movie role.
one country that is known for their beer is	germany.
one country that is known for their beer is	ireland.
one country that is known for their beer is	usa.
one country that is known for their beer is	canada.
one country that is known for their beer is	england.
one country that is known for their beer is	mexico.
one country that is known for their beer is	australia.
one thing people give as a housewarming gift is	plant.
one thing people give as a housewarming gift is	vase with flowers.
one thing people give as a housewarming gift is	fruit basket.
one thing people give as a housewarming gift is	linens.
one thing people give as a housewarming gift is	bottle of wine.
one thing people give as a housewarming gift is	toaster.
one thing people give as a housewarming gift is	dishes.
one thing that would be harder to do if you lived in los angeles is	drive.
one thing that would be harder to do if you lived in los angeles is	ski.
one thing that would be harder to do if you lived in los angeles is	sleep.
one thing that would be harder to do if you lived in los angeles is	breathe.
one word that people yell at the tv while watching a football game is	go.
one word that people yell at the tv while watching a football game is	run.
one word that people yell at the tv while watching a football game is	touchdown.
one word that people yell at the tv while watching a football game is	foul.
one word that people yell at the tv while watching a football game is	idiot.
one thing a cowboy probably leaves at home for a job interview is	10 gallon hat.
one thing a cowboy probably leaves at home for a job interview is	gun.
one thing a cowboy probably leaves at home for a job interview is	horse.
one thing a cowboy probably leaves at home for a job interview is	boots.
one thing a cowboy probably leaves at home for a job interview is	rope.
one song that has "christmas" in the title is	white christmas.
one song that has "christmas" in the title is	oh christmas tree.
one song that has "christmas" in the title is	wish you merry xmas.
one specif food that one person with high cholesterol might give up is	eggs.
one specif food that one person with high cholesterol might give up is	butter.
one specif food that one person with high cholesterol might give up is	bacon.
one specif food that one person with high cholesterol might give up is	fired chicken.
one specif food that one person with high cholesterol might give up is	pizza.
one specif food that one person with high cholesterol might give up is	french fries.
one piece of information you'd include in a personals ad but not on a resume is	age.
one piece of information you'd include in a personals ad but not on a resume is	height.
one piece of information you'd include in a personals ad but not on a resume is	marital status.
one piece of information you'd include in a personals ad but not on a resume is	weight.
one piece of information you'd include in a personals ad but not on a resume is	horoscope sign.
one thing people do at the dinner table even though its considered bad manners is	burp.
one thing people do at the dinner table even though its considered bad manners is	elbows on table.
one thing people do at the dinner table even though its considered bad manners is	talk with full mouth.
one thing people do at the dinner table even though its considered bad manners is	eat with hands.
one thing people do at the dinner table even though its considered bad manners is	chew with mouth open.
one thing a shy man might wear to hide his face is	hat/headband.
one thing a shy man might wear to hide his face is	glasses.
one thing a shy man might wear to hide his face is	facial hair.
one thing a shy man might wear to hide his face is	scarf.
one thing a shy man might wear to hide his face is	hood.
one night of the week when people stay up later than usual is	friday.
one night of the week when people stay up later than usual is	saturday.
one thing found in the garden of eden is	apple.
one thing found in the garden of eden is	snake.
one thing found in the garden of eden is	tree.
one thing found in the garden of eden is	adam & eve.
one reason you may not be able to get home for the holidays is	sick.
one reason you may not be able to get home for the holidays is	work.
one reason you may not be able to get home for the holidays is	broke.
one reason you may not be able to get home for the holidays is	far away.
one reason you may not be able to get home for the holidays is	car problems.
one reason you may not be able to get home for the holidays is	too much homework.
one thing a man might do all day long if his wife let him is	watch sports.
one thing a man might do all day long if his wife let him is	watch tv.
one thing a man might do all day long if his wife let him is	sleep.
one thing a man might do all day long if his wife let him is	eat.
one thing you hope for, but can't count on, when going on vacation is	good weather.
one thing you hope for, but can't count on, when going on vacation is	good time.
one thing you hope for, but can't count on, when going on vacation is	plenty of rest.
one thing you hope for, but can't count on, when going on vacation is	tan.
the last country you would want to win a trip to is	iraq.
the last country you would want to win a trip to is	afghanistan.
the last country you would want to win a trip to is	north korea.
the last country you would want to win a trip to is	sudan.
the last country you would want to win a trip to is	columbia.
the last country you would want to win a trip to is	syria.
the last country you would want to win a trip to is	haiti.
one reason you might not leave the house for an entire day is	sick.
one reason you might not leave the house for an entire day is	bad weather.
one reason you might not leave the house for an entire day is	cleaning/working.
one reason you might not leave the house for an entire day is	sports/tv.
one thing for which a mermaid may be jealous of barbie is	legs.
one thing for which a mermaid may be jealous of barbie is	hair.
one thing for which a mermaid may be jealous of barbie is	ken.
one thing for which a mermaid may be jealous of barbie is	wears clothes.
one thing for which a mermaid may be jealous of barbie is	car.
one thing for which a mermaid may be jealous of barbie is	lives on land.
one place where you sit until your name is called is	doctor's office.
one place where you sit until your name is called is	dmv.
one place where you sit until your name is called is	court.
one place where you sit until your name is called is	classroom.
one place where you sit until your name is called is	restaurant.
one person the groom might not want at his bachelor party is	bride.
one person the groom might not want at his bachelor party is	ex.
one person the groom might not want at his bachelor party is	dancer.
one person the groom might not want at his bachelor party is	mom.
one person the groom might not want at his bachelor party is	dad.
one person the groom might not want at his bachelor party is	father n law.
one situation where you wouldn't want one person looking over your shoulder is	test.
one situation where you wouldn't want one person looking over your shoulder is	office.
one situation where you wouldn't want one person looking over your shoulder is	in the bedroom.
one situation where you wouldn't want one person looking over your shoulder is	atm.
one situation where you wouldn't want one person looking over your shoulder is	bathroom.
the last thing youd want to happen to you in the airport is	miss flight.
the last thing youd want to happen to you in the airport is	lose luggage.
the last thing youd want to happen to you in the airport is	stopped by security.
the last thing youd want to happen to you in the airport is	delayed.
one shakespeare play which was made into a movie is	romeo & juliet.
one shakespeare play which was made into a movie is	hamlet.
one shakespeare play which was made into a movie is	othello.
one shakespeare play which was made into a movie is	macbeth.
one shakespeare play which was made into a movie is	taming of the shrew.
one shakespeare play which was made into a movie is	midsummer nights dream.
one shakespeare play which was made into a movie is	much ado about nothing.
one reason why a person might prefer to own a dog over a cat is	protection.
one reason why a person might prefer to own a dog over a cat is	loyality.
one reason why a person might prefer to own a dog over a cat is	cat allergies.
one reason why a person might prefer to own a dog over a cat is	friendlier.
one reason why a person might prefer to own a dog over a cat is	playful.
one cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary is	porky pig.
one cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary is	daffy duck.
one cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary is	bugs bunny.
one cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary is	donald duck.
one cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary is	elmer fudd.
one cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary is	tweety.
one cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary is	yosemite sam.
one thing you see trained monkey's doing in sitcoms and movies is	dancing.
one thing you see trained monkey's doing in sitcoms and movies is	talking.
one thing you see trained monkey's doing in sitcoms and movies is	eating bananas.
one thing you see trained monkey's doing in sitcoms and movies is	smoking.
one thing you see trained monkey's doing in sitcoms and movies is	driving.
one thing christopher columbus might have worried about during his voyage to america is	weather.
one thing christopher columbus might have worried about during his voyage to america is	running out of food.
one thing christopher columbus might have worried about during his voyage to america is	sickness.
one thing christopher columbus might have worried about during his voyage to america is	boat sinking.
one thing christopher columbus might have worried about during his voyage to america is	getting lost.
one thing christopher columbus might have worried about during his voyage to america is	death.
one thing you need to grow a vegetable garden is	seeds.
one thing you need to grow a vegetable garden is	tools.
one thing you need to grow a vegetable garden is	dirt.
one thing you need to grow a vegetable garden is	water.
one thing you need to grow a vegetable garden is	sunlight.
one thing you need to grow a vegetable garden is	fertilizer.
one thing you need to grow a vegetable garden is	yard.
one thing you keep in an ice chest (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	soft drinks.
one thing you keep in an ice chest (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	beer.
one thing you keep in an ice chest (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	ice.
one thing you keep in an ice chest (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	water.
one thing you keep in an ice chest (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	chicken.
one thing you keep in an ice chest (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	frosty mug for beer.
one specific food that you eat a lot of when you're on a diet is	salad.
one specific food that you eat a lot of when you're on a diet is	celery.
one specific food that you eat a lot of when you're on a diet is	oranges.
one specific food that you eat a lot of when you're on a diet is	carrots.
one specific food that you eat a lot of when you're on a diet is	apple.
one specific food that you eat a lot of when you're on a diet is	broccoli.
one piece of equipment that was once considered modern technology, but few people even own anymore is	vcr.
one piece of equipment that was once considered modern technology, but few people even own anymore is	typewriter.
one piece of equipment that was once considered modern technology, but few people even own anymore is	record player.
one piece of equipment that was once considered modern technology, but few people even own anymore is	radio.
one piece of equipment that was once considered modern technology, but few people even own anymore is	pader.
one piece of equipment that was once considered modern technology, but few people even own anymore is	home telephone.
one odor that's so distinct, you know right away what it is is	skunk.
one odor that's so distinct, you know right away what it is is	fish.
one odor that's so distinct, you know right away what it is is	fart.
one odor that's so distinct, you know right away what it is is	body odor.
one odor that's so distinct, you know right away what it is is	onion.
one odor that's so distinct, you know right away what it is is	cigarette smoke.
one sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes is	swimming.
one sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes is	basketball.
one sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes is	volleyball.
one sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes is	soccer.
one sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes is	tennis.
one sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes is	wrestling.
one sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes is	boxing.
the magazine cover you'd most like to appear on is	sports illustrated.
the magazine cover you'd most like to appear on is	time.
the magazine cover you'd most like to appear on is	g.o..
the magazine cover you'd most like to appear on is	vogue.
the magazine cover you'd most like to appear on is	rolling stone.
the magazine cover you'd most like to appear on is	money.
one profession where you may receive lots of mail from strangers is	celebrity.
one profession where you may receive lots of mail from strangers is	politician.
one profession where you may receive lots of mail from strangers is	customer service.
one profession where you may receive lots of mail from strangers is	advice columnist.
one thing men try to cover up is	affair.
one thing men try to cover up is	baldness.
one thing men try to cover up is	lies.
one thing men try to cover up is	bills/money.
one thing men try to cover up is	gray hair.
one thing an elevator operator probably gets tired of saying is	which floor?.
one thing an elevator operator probably gets tired of saying is	going up?.
one thing an elevator operator probably gets tired of saying is	hello.
one thing an elevator operator probably gets tired of saying is	have a nice day.
one thing people do more of when they're tired is	sleep.
one thing people do more of when they're tired is	yawn.
one thing people do more of when they're tired is	eat.
one thing people do more of when they're tired is	lose temper.
one job which might require one person to work on christmas is	nurse.
one job which might require one person to work on christmas is	doctor.
one job which might require one person to work on christmas is	work in store.
one job which might require one person to work on christmas is	police.
one job which might require one person to work on christmas is	santa claus.
one job which might require one person to work on christmas is	restaurant.
one job which might require one person to work on christmas is	pilot.
one place that closes early for a person to run errands after work is	bank.
one place that closes early for a person to run errands after work is	post office.
one place that closes early for a person to run errands after work is	market.
one place that closes early for a person to run errands after work is	dry cleaners.
one thing people put in the envelope with their holiday cards is	money.
one thing people put in the envelope with their holiday cards is	pictures.
one thing people put in the envelope with their holiday cards is	gift cards.
one thing people put in the envelope with their holiday cards is	form letter.
one shakespeare character who most people have heard of is	romeo.
one shakespeare character who most people have heard of is	hamlet.
one shakespeare character who most people have heard of is	juliet.
one shakespeare character who most people have heard of is	macbeth.
one shakespeare character who most people have heard of is	othello.
one kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing is	hopscotch.
one kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing is	hide n seek.
one kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing is	tag.
one kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing is	twister.
one kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing is	jump rope.
one kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing is	musical chairs.
one kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing is	dress up.
one thing you would do if a dog was chasing you is	run.
one thing you would do if a dog was chasing you is	scream.
one thing you would do if a dog was chasing you is	climb a tree.
one thing you would do if a dog was chasing you is	stand still.
one cartoon character who's always getting hurt is	wile e coyote.
one cartoon character who's always getting hurt is	tom and jerry.
one thing men do today but probably didnt do years ago is	cook.
one thing men do today but probably didnt do years ago is	clean.
one thing men do today but probably didnt do years ago is	watch tv.
one thing men do today but probably didnt do years ago is	change diapers.
one thing men do today but probably didnt do years ago is	use computer.
one thing men do today but probably didnt do years ago is	use cell phone.
one thing men do today but probably didnt do years ago is	shop.
one reason why one person might make fun of your dance moves is	they're jealous.
one reason why one person might make fun of your dance moves is	don't know steps.
one reason why one person might make fun of your dance moves is	old fashioned moves.
one reason why one person might make fun of your dance moves is	clumsy/tripping.
one reason why one person might make fun of your dance moves is	no rhythm.
one activity people like to do at a lake is	fishing.
one activity people like to do at a lake is	swim.
one thing cats have that people don't is	tails.
one thing cats have that people don't is	nine lives.
one thing cats have that people don't is	fur.
one thing cats have that people don't is	whiskers.
one thing cats have that people don't is	4 feet.
one thing cats have that people don't is	claws.
one reason why one person might hold off on getting married is	afraid of commitment.
one reason why one person might hold off on getting married is	not ready.
one reason why one person might hold off on getting married is	saving money.
one reason why one person might hold off on getting married is	too young.
one job in which you need to dress well in order to succeed is	lawyer.
one job in which you need to dress well in order to succeed is	model.
one job in which you need to dress well in order to succeed is	sales person.
one job in which you need to dress well in order to succeed is	banker.
one job in which you need to dress well in order to succeed is	ceo.
one job in which you need to dress well in order to succeed is	teacher.
one vegetable that is not green is	carrot.
one vegetable that is not green is	corn.
one vegetable that is not green is	pumpkin.
one vegetable that is not green is	potato.
one vegetable that is not green is	beet.
one vegetable that is not green is	cauliflower.
one vegetable that is not green is	egg plant.
one last minute problem that could make you late for work is	traffic.
one last minute problem that could make you late for work is	car trouble.
one last minute problem that could make you late for work is	lost keys.
one last minute problem that could make you late for work is	child is sick.
one last minute problem that could make you late for work is	no gas.
one last minute problem that could make you late for work is	bad hair.
one type of business that has regular customers is	restaurant.
one type of business that has regular customers is	grocery store.
one type of business that has regular customers is	bar.
one type of business that has regular customers is	coffee shop.
one type of business that has regular customers is	bank.
one type of business that has regular customers is	gas station.
one type of business that has regular customers is	salon.
one country known for having beautiful weather is	united states.
one country known for having beautiful weather is	mexico.
one country known for having beautiful weather is	australia.
one country known for having beautiful weather is	bahamas.
one country known for having beautiful weather is	france.
one country known for having beautiful weather is	spain.
one country known for having beautiful weather is	brazil.
one place youd find a water fountain is	park.
one place youd find a water fountain is	school yard.
one place youd find a water fountain is	amusement park.
one place youd find a water fountain is	beach.
one place youd find a water fountain is	library.
one place youd find a water fountain is	civic centre.
one place youd find a water fountain is	medical building.
one thing people wear to protect themselves is	coat.
one thing people wear to protect themselves is	helmet.
one thing people wear to protect themselves is	jockstrap.
one thing people wear to protect themselves is	bulletproof vest.
one thing people wear to protect themselves is	hat.
one thing people wear to protect themselves is	sunscreen.
one slowmoving vehicle that you hate to get stuck behind is	bus.
one slowmoving vehicle that you hate to get stuck behind is	semi truck.
one slowmoving vehicle that you hate to get stuck behind is	tractor.
one slowmoving vehicle that you hate to get stuck behind is	garbage truck.
one slowmoving vehicle that you hate to get stuck behind is	dump truck.
one thing you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked is	hit by another car.
one thing you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked is	carjacked.
one thing you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked is	keyed.
one thing you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked is	broken into.
one thing you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked is	flat tire.
one thing you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked is	towed.
one thing you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked is	parking ticket.
one word or phrase you might use when addressing royalty is	your highness.
one word or phrase you might use when addressing royalty is	your majesty.
one word or phrase you might use when addressing royalty is	sir.
one word or phrase you might use when addressing royalty is	madam.
one reason a person might get rid of a pet is	moving.
one reason a person might get rid of a pet is	they attack people.
one reason a person might get rid of a pet is	not housebroken.
one reason a person might get rid of a pet is	too messy.
one reason a person might get rid of a pet is	chew things.
one reason a person might get rid of a pet is	sickness.
one reason a person might get rid of a pet is	they're allergic.
one thing snoopy does that your dog would not is	talk.
one thing snoopy does that your dog would not is	fly/pilot.
one thing snoopy does that your dog would not is	sleep on house.
one thing snoopy does that your dog would not is	read/write.
one thing snoopy does that your dog would not is	dance.
one thing almost everyday bride wants at her wedding is	flowers.
one thing almost everyday bride wants at her wedding is	cake.
one thing almost everyday bride wants at her wedding is	groom.
one thing almost everyday bride wants at her wedding is	ring.
one thing almost everyday bride wants at her wedding is	white dress.
one thing almost everyday bride wants at her wedding is	family.
one thing almost everyday bride wants at her wedding is	gifts.
one pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv is	reading.
one pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv is	exercise.
one pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv is	sports.
one pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv is	crafts.
one pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv is	playing instrument.
one pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv is	cooking.
one pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv is	listening to radio.
one thing that builds a nest is	bird.
one thing that builds a nest is	snakes.
one thing that builds a nest is	bee.
one thing that builds a nest is	rat.
one controversial american president is	george w bush.
one controversial american president is	richard nixon.
one controversial american president is	bill clinton.
one controversial american president is	john f kennedy.
one controversial american president is	abraham lincoln.
one reason a policeman might say he had a bad day on the job is	got shot.
one reason a policeman might say he had a bad day on the job is	someone was murdered.
one reason a policeman might say he had a bad day on the job is	couldn't catch crook.
one reason a policeman might say he had a bad day on the job is	visited the morgue.
one thing youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked is	hit by another car.
one thing youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked is	carjacked.
one thing youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked is	keyed.
one thing youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked is	broken into.
one thing youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked is	flat tire.
one thing youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked is	towed.
one thing youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked is	parking ticket.
one thing you always have with you so you dont get lost is	map.
one thing you always have with you so you dont get lost is	compass.
one thing you always have with you so you dont get lost is	cell phone.
one thing you always have with you so you dont get lost is	gps.
one thing you always have with you so you dont get lost is	co pilot.
one thing you do when looking in the mirror that you'd hate to be caught doing if it was a 2-way mirror is	pick nose.
one thing you do when looking in the mirror that you'd hate to be caught doing if it was a 2-way mirror is	undress.
one thing you do when looking in the mirror that you'd hate to be caught doing if it was a 2-way mirror is	pick teeth.
one thing you do when looking in the mirror that you'd hate to be caught doing if it was a 2-way mirror is	pose.
one thing you do when looking in the mirror that you'd hate to be caught doing if it was a 2-way mirror is	skin care.
one thing you do when looking in the mirror that you'd hate to be caught doing if it was a 2-way mirror is	dance.
one person, real or fictional, who is known for having a white beard is	santa claus.
one person, real or fictional, who is known for having a white beard is	moses.
one person, real or fictional, who is known for having a white beard is	uncle sam.
one person, real or fictional, who is known for having a white beard is	kenny rogers.
one person, real or fictional, who is known for having a white beard is	merlin/wizard.
one person, real or fictional, who is known for having a white beard is	colonel sanders.
one thing you wouldn't want to happen when you're in the bathtub is	slip.
one thing you wouldn't want to happen when you're in the bathtub is	appliance falling in.
one thing you wouldn't want to happen when you're in the bathtub is	phone ring.
one thing you wouldn't want to happen when you're in the bathtub is	power goes out.
one thing you wouldn't want to happen when you're in the bathtub is	doorbell.
one thing you wouldn't want to happen when you're in the bathtub is	fall asleep.
one thing most answer machines messages ask you to do is	leave name.
one thing most answer machines messages ask you to do is	leave number.
one thing most answer machines messages ask you to do is	28.
one thing most answer machines messages ask you to do is	8.
one thing that one person who gets dates has that one person who doesnt get dates doesnt have is	good looks.
one thing that one person who gets dates has that one person who doesnt get dates doesnt have is	money.
one thing that one person who gets dates has that one person who doesnt get dates doesnt have is	intimacy.
one thing that one person who gets dates has that one person who doesnt get dates doesnt have is	charm/confidence.
one thing that one person who gets dates has that one person who doesnt get dates doesnt have is	car.
one romantic gift for a woman that her 2-year-old might be jealous of is	candy.
one romantic gift for a woman that her 2-year-old might be jealous of is	stuffed animal.
one romantic gift for a woman that her 2-year-old might be jealous of is	jewelry.
one romantic gift for a woman that her 2-year-old might be jealous of is	flowers.
one thing special a restaurant might do on certain nights in order to draw in customers is	food discounts.
one thing special a restaurant might do on certain nights in order to draw in customers is	happy hour.
one thing special a restaurant might do on certain nights in order to draw in customers is	kids eat free.
one thing special a restaurant might do on certain nights in order to draw in customers is	buffet.
one thing special a restaurant might do on certain nights in order to draw in customers is	life music.
one food that often gets burned is	toast.
one food that often gets burned is	rice.
one food that often gets burned is	eggs.
one food that often gets burned is	chicken.
one food that often gets burned is	steak.
one food that often gets burned is	bacon.
one famous building thats big enough to house a dinosaur is	empire state bldg.
one famous building thats big enough to house a dinosaur is	white house.
one famous building thats big enough to house a dinosaur is	sears tower.
one famous building thats big enough to house a dinosaur is	eiffel tower.
one famous building thats big enough to house a dinosaur is	buckingham palace.
one word people use to describe one person who's in a bad mood is	grouchy.
one word people use to describe one person who's in a bad mood is	grumpy.
one word people use to describe one person who's in a bad mood is	crabby.
one word people use to describe one person who's in a bad mood is	cranky.
one word people use to describe one person who's in a bad mood is	angry.
one word people use to describe one person who's in a bad mood is	moody.
one thing parents of twins do that makes their children seem even more similar is	dress alike.
one thing parents of twins do that makes their children seem even more similar is	hair style.
one thing parents of twins do that makes their children seem even more similar is	similar names.
one thing in a woman's purse that a man would never ask to borrow is	lip stick.
one thing in a woman's purse that a man would never ask to borrow is	tampons.
one thing in a woman's purse that a man would never ask to borrow is	compact.
one thing in a woman's purse that a man would never ask to borrow is	eyelash curler.
one thing in a woman's purse that a man would never ask to borrow is	perfume.
one kind of cat you probably wouldn't keep as a pet is	tiger.
one kind of cat you probably wouldn't keep as a pet is	lion.
one kind of cat you probably wouldn't keep as a pet is	bob cat.
one kind of cat you probably wouldn't keep as a pet is	jaguar.
one kind of cat you probably wouldn't keep as a pet is	leopard.
one kind of cat you probably wouldn't keep as a pet is	feral.
one person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe is	sibling.
one person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe is	parent.
one person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe is	in law.
one person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe is	santa.
one person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe is	exercise.
one person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe is	boss.
one person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe is	grandparent.
one thing embarrassing that happens to people at the airport is	get searched.
one thing embarrassing that happens to people at the airport is	get lost.
one thing embarrassing that happens to people at the airport is	miss flight.
one thing embarrassing that happens to people at the airport is	luggage comes open.
one type of professional who might overcharge if you don't know any better is	mechanic.
one type of professional who might overcharge if you don't know any better is	lawyer.
one type of professional who might overcharge if you don't know any better is	doctor/dentist.
one type of professional who might overcharge if you don't know any better is	plumber.
one type of professional who might overcharge if you don't know any better is	car salesperson.
one thing a couple engaged to be married might go shopping for is	ring.
one thing a couple engaged to be married might go shopping for is	house.
one thing a couple engaged to be married might go shopping for is	furniture.
one thing a couple engaged to be married might go shopping for is	mattress.
one thing a couple engaged to be married might go shopping for is	dishes.
one thing a couple engaged to be married might go shopping for is	wedding dress.
one thing specific a guy might take with him to the gym is	towel.
one thing specific a guy might take with him to the gym is	gym bag.
one thing specific a guy might take with him to the gym is	tennis shoes.
one thing specific a guy might take with him to the gym is	deoderant.
one thing specific a guy might take with him to the gym is	change of clothes.
one thing specific a guy might take with him to the gym is	weights.
one thing that people use less in the summer than in the winter is	coat.
one thing that people use less in the summer than in the winter is	heater.
one thing that people use less in the summer than in the winter is	gloves.
one thing that people use less in the summer than in the winter is	shovel.
one thing that people use less in the summer than in the winter is	boots.
one thing that people use less in the summer than in the winter is	sweater.
one thing that people use less in the summer than in the winter is	blankets.
one type of repairman you might call to your house in an emergency is	plumber.
one type of repairman you might call to your house in an emergency is	electrician.
one word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii is	beach.
one word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii is	aloha.
one word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii is	sunny.
one word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii is	surfing.
one word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii is	volcano.
one word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii is	beautiful.
one word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii is	tropical.
one thing a romantic man would hate for the woman he's serenading to do while he's singing is	laugh/tease.
one thing a romantic man would hate for the woman he's serenading to do while he's singing is	yawn/sleep.
one thing a romantic man would hate for the woman he's serenading to do while he's singing is	talk/use phone.
one thing a romantic man would hate for the woman he's serenading to do while he's singing is	walk away.
one person in your life who it would be unwise to live with is	parent.
one person in your life who it would be unwise to live with is	boss.
one person in your life who it would be unwise to live with is	sibling.
one person in your life who it would be unwise to live with is	ex.
one person in your life who it would be unwise to live with is	best friend.
one person in your life who it would be unwise to live with is	boy/girlfriend.
one small kitchen appliance that a bachelor may not have is	toaster.
one small kitchen appliance that a bachelor may not have is	blender.
one small kitchen appliance that a bachelor may not have is	mixer.
one small kitchen appliance that a bachelor may not have is	can opener.
one kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model is	baking soda.
one kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model is	ketchup.
one kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model is	jell o.
one kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model is	water.
one kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model is	soda.
one kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model is	tomato sauce.
one kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model is	pudding.
one thing that kids make out of paper is	airplanes.
one thing that kids make out of paper is	snowflakes.
one thing that kids make out of paper is	footballs.
one thing that kids make out of paper is	cards/valentines.
one thing that kids make out of paper is	paper dolls.
one thing that kids make out of paper is	crane/bird.
one place youd have to be on really good terms to invite your ex is	your wedding.
one place youd have to be on really good terms to invite your ex is	birthday party.
one place youd have to be on really good terms to invite your ex is	family reunion.
one place youd have to be on really good terms to invite your ex is	your house.
one special occasion for which one person might go to a hairdresser is	wedding.
one special occasion for which one person might go to a hairdresser is	prom.
one special occasion for which one person might go to a hairdresser is	birthday party.
one special occasion for which one person might go to a hairdresser is	graduation.
one professional you may come in contact with but should never flirt with is	cop.
one professional you may come in contact with but should never flirt with is	boss.
one professional you may come in contact with but should never flirt with is	teacher.
one professional you may come in contact with but should never flirt with is	priest.
one professional you may come in contact with but should never flirt with is	lawyer.
one thing you'd find at the center of fancy chocolates is	caramel.
one thing you'd find at the center of fancy chocolates is	cherries.
one thing you'd find at the center of fancy chocolates is	cream.
one thing you'd find at the center of fancy chocolates is	coconut.
one thing you'd find at the center of fancy chocolates is	marhmellow.
one thing you'd find at the center of fancy chocolates is	nuts.
one way tourists get around in a big city is	tour bus.
one way tourists get around in a big city is	taxi.
one way tourists get around in a big city is	on foot.
one way tourists get around in a big city is	bilkes.
one way tourists get around in a big city is	public transportation.
one city where you'd hate the long commute to work is	new york city.
one city where you'd hate the long commute to work is	los angeles.
one city where you'd hate the long commute to work is	chicago.
one state people visit on a ski vacation is	colorado.
one state people visit on a ski vacation is	vermont.
one state people visit on a ski vacation is	alaska.
one state people visit on a ski vacation is	utah.
one thing grandma might knit for you as a gift is	sweater.
one thing grandma might knit for you as a gift is	scarf.
one thing grandma might knit for you as a gift is	blanket.
one thing grandma might knit for you as a gift is	hat.
one thing grandma might knit for you as a gift is	mittens.
one thing grandma might knit for you as a gift is	socks.
one sign that your girlfriend might be turning into a cat is	purring.
one sign that your girlfriend might be turning into a cat is	whiskers.
one thing you'd see on the back of a car is	license plate.
one thing you'd see on the back of a car is	bumper stickers.
one thing you'd see on the back of a car is	bumper.
one thing you'd see on the back of a car is	dirt.
one thing you'd see on the back of a car is	tires.
one thing you'd see on the back of a car is	lights.
one thing you might worry about while on a cruise ship is	ship sinkong.
one thing you might worry about while on a cruise ship is	iceberg.
one thing you might worry about while on a cruise ship is	overeating.
one thing you might worry about while on a cruise ship is	drowning.
one thing you might worry about while on a cruise ship is	motion sickness.
one thing you might worry about while on a cruise ship is	hurricane.
one thing you might worry about while on a cruise ship is	fire.
one profession in which rain can ruin a day's work is	construction.
one profession in which rain can ruin a day's work is	house painter.
one profession in which rain can ruin a day's work is	landscaper.
one profession in which rain can ruin a day's work is	farmer.
one profession in which rain can ruin a day's work is	athlete.
one profession in which rain can ruin a day's work is	postal worker.
one profession in which rain can ruin a day's work is	lifeguard.
one thing you hope a restaurant chef didn't do before cooking your meal is	got sick.
one thing you hope a restaurant chef didn't do before cooking your meal is	drink.
one thing you hope a restaurant chef didn't do before cooking your meal is	smoke.
one thing you hope a restaurant chef didn't do before cooking your meal is	not wash hands.
one city that has a lot of hotels is	las vegas.
one city that has a lot of hotels is	new york.
one city that has a lot of hotels is	los angeles.
one city that has a lot of hotels is	atlanta.
one city that has a lot of hotels is	chicago.
one city that has a lot of hotels is	orlando.
one city that has a lot of hotels is	atlantic city.
one thing youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home is	crash.
one thing youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home is	flat tire.
one thing youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home is	break down.
one thing youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home is	rain.
one thing youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home is	run out of gas.
one thing youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home is	speeding ticket.
one thing youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home is	scratch it.
one thing a cat in a movie can do that a real-life cat can' is	talk.
one thing a cat in a movie can do that a real-life cat can' is	sing.
one thing a cat in a movie can do that a real-life cat can' is	dance.
one thing a cat in a movie can do that a real-life cat can' is	live nine lives.
one word that describes one person who doesnt pull their own weight is	lazy.
one word that describes one person who doesnt pull their own weight is	slacker.
one word that describes one person who doesnt pull their own weight is	free loader.
one word that describes one person who doesnt pull their own weight is	bum.
one word that describes one person who doesnt pull their own weight is	deadbeat.
one word that describes one person who doesnt pull their own weight is	leech.
one occasion that dracula is almost always dressed for is	halloween.
one occasion that dracula is almost always dressed for is	funeral.
one occasion that dracula is almost always dressed for is	formal dinner.
one occasion that dracula is almost always dressed for is	costume ball.
one occasion that dracula is almost always dressed for is	wedding.
one thing valuable that a baseball fan might collect is	baseball cards.
one thing valuable that a baseball fan might collect is	baseballs.
one thing valuable that a baseball fan might collect is	autographs.
one thing valuable that a baseball fan might collect is	baseball gloves.
one thing you might find under a rock is	worm.
one thing you might find under a rock is	ants.
one thing you might find under a rock is	spider.
one thing you might find under a rock is	dirt.
one thing you might find under a rock is	roly poly.
one thing you might find under a rock is	slug.
one thing thats legal for a police officer to do but not for anyone else is	speed.
one thing thats legal for a police officer to do but not for anyone else is	arrest someone.
one thing thats legal for a police officer to do but not for anyone else is	run red lights.
one thing thats legal for a police officer to do but not for anyone else is	carry/ use gun.
one type of tv show you'd be surprised to see a man watching is	soap opera.
one type of tv show you'd be surprised to see a man watching is	talk shows.
one type of tv show you'd be surprised to see a man watching is	cooking.
one type of tv show you'd be surprised to see a man watching is	fashion.
one thing around the house you might keep spare batteries for is	flashlight.
one thing around the house you might keep spare batteries for is	remote control.
one thing around the house you might keep spare batteries for is	radio.
one thing around the house you might keep spare batteries for is	toys.
one thing around the house you might keep spare batteries for is	music player.
one thing around the house you might keep spare batteries for is	portable videogame.
one thing rude people do while you're trying to talk to them on the phone is	talk to someone else.
one thing rude people do while you're trying to talk to them on the phone is	eat.
one thing rude people do while you're trying to talk to them on the phone is	interrupt.
one thing rude people do while you're trying to talk to them on the phone is	hang up.
one thing rude people do while you're trying to talk to them on the phone is	put you on hold.
one thing rude people do while you're trying to talk to them on the phone is	make noises.
one food with cheese that's a childhood favorite is	pizza.
one food with cheese that's a childhood favorite is	grilled cheese.
one food with cheese that's a childhood favorite is	macaroni.
one food with cheese that's a childhood favorite is	cheeseburger.
the easiest household chore is	washing dishes.
the easiest household chore is	dusting.
the easiest household chore is	vacuum.
the easiest household chore is	sweeping.
the easiest household chore is	taking out trash.
the easiest household chore is	picking up.
the easiest household chore is	making bed.
one thing a woman's doctor might advise her not to wear is	high heels.
one thing a woman's doctor might advise her not to wear is	pantyhose.
one thing a woman's doctor might advise her not to wear is	makeup.
one thing a woman's doctor might advise her not to wear is	girdle/corset.
one thing a woman's doctor might advise her not to wear is	perfume.
one thing santa might bring with him to keep from getting lost on christmas eve is	map.
one thing santa might bring with him to keep from getting lost on christmas eve is	gps.
one thing santa might bring with him to keep from getting lost on christmas eve is	compass.
one thing santa might bring with him to keep from getting lost on christmas eve is	reindeer.
one type of pet that people rarely take out of their house is	cat.
one type of pet that people rarely take out of their house is	snake.
one type of pet that people rarely take out of their house is	bird.
one type of pet that people rarely take out of their house is	fish.
one type of pet that people rarely take out of their house is	hamster/gerbil.
one type of pet that people rarely take out of their house is	lizard.
one thing you might see at a cowboy's yard sale is	boots.
one thing you might see at a cowboy's yard sale is	saddles.
one thing you might see at a cowboy's yard sale is	cowboy hat.
one thing you might see at a cowboy's yard sale is	rope.
one thing you might see at a cowboy's yard sale is	horse.
one thing you might see at a cowboy's yard sale is	spurs.
one thing you might see at a cowboy's yard sale is	gun.
one thing cats hate is	dogs.
one thing cats hate is	water.
one thing cats hate is	grab their tail.
one thing cats hate is	mouse.
one thing cats hate is	vacuum cleaner.
one thing that you need silence in order to do is	read.
one thing that you need silence in order to do is	sleep.
one thing that you need silence in order to do is	study.
one thing that you need silence in order to do is	thinik.
one thing that you need silence in order to do is	meditate/pray.
one thing that you need silence in order to do is	take a test.
one thing people do for fun even though it scares them is	roller coasters.
one thing people do for fun even though it scares them is	bungee jumping.
one thing people do for fun even though it scares them is	horror movies.
one thing people do for fun even though it scares them is	sky diving.
one thing people do for fun even though it scares them is	fun houses.
one thing people do for fun even though it scares them is	driving fast.
one thing people do for fun even though it scares them is	rock climbing.
one thing kids start to care more about once theyre teenagers is	looks.
one thing kids start to care more about once theyre teenagers is	clothes.
one thing kids start to care more about once theyre teenagers is	dating.
one thing kids start to care more about once theyre teenagers is	money.
one thing kids start to care more about once theyre teenagers is	driving.
the age when youngsters really start rebelling against their parents is	13.
the age when youngsters really start rebelling against their parents is	12.
the age when youngsters really start rebelling against their parents is	16.
the age when youngsters really start rebelling against their parents is	14.
the age when youngsters really start rebelling against their parents is	15.
the age when youngsters really start rebelling against their parents is	10.
one thing that you can get for free at a casino is	drinks.
one thing that you can get for free at a casino is	food.
one thing that you can get for free at a casino is	entertainment.
one thing that has to be taken out every once in a while is	the trash.
one thing that has to be taken out every once in a while is	the dog.
one thing that has to be taken out every once in a while is	your mate.
one thing that has to be taken out every once in a while is	teeth/dentures.
one thing california has more of than any other state is	people.
one thing california has more of than any other state is	movie stars.
one thing california has more of than any other state is	earthquakes.
one thing california has more of than any other state is	smog.
one thing california has more of than any other state is	beach.
one thing california has more of than any other state is	palm trees.
one thing california has more of than any other state is	sunshine.
one thing that always makes you feel better when you're lonely is	candy.
one thing that always makes you feel better when you're lonely is	listening to music.
one thing that always makes you feel better when you're lonely is	pet.
one thing that always makes you feel better when you're lonely is	watching a movie/tv.
one thing that always makes you feel better when you're lonely is	friend/phone call.
one thing that always makes you feel better when you're lonely is	have a drink.
one thing that always makes you feel better when you're lonely is	reading.
one thing you may not be good at the first time you do it is	ride a bike.
one thing you may not be good at the first time you do it is	driving.
one thing you may not be good at the first time you do it is	cooking.
one thing you may not be good at the first time you do it is	golf.
one thing you may not be good at the first time you do it is	skiing.
one thing you may not be good at the first time you do it is	skating.
one expression that begins with the word first is	first come, first served.
one expression that begins with the word first is	first love.
one expression that begins with the word first is	first class.
one expression that begins with the word first is	first things first.
one expression that begins with the word first is	first time.
one expression that begins with the word first is	first kiss.
one expression that begins with the word first is	first base.
one term that uses the word "shot" is	shotgun.
one term that uses the word "shot" is	hot shot.
one term that uses the word "shot" is	long shot.
one term that uses the word "shot" is	shot glass.
one term that uses the word "shot" is	sling shot.
one term that uses the word "shot" is	shot in the dark.
one thing specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now is	kiss.
one thing specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now is	open doors.
one thing specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now is	buy flowers.
one thing specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now is	hug.
one thing specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now is	hold hands.
one thing specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now is	cook.
one thing specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now is	cuddle.
one thing that kids can use in a pool to help them float is	raft.
one thing that kids can use in a pool to help them float is	inner tube.
one thing that kids can use in a pool to help them float is	beach ball.
one thing that kids can use in a pool to help them float is	life jacket.
one thing that kids can use in a pool to help them float is	water wings.
one thing that kids can use in a pool to help them float is	noodle.
one thing thats currently legal that people should be banned from doing while driving is	smoking.
one thing thats currently legal that people should be banned from doing while driving is	eating.
one thing thats currently legal that people should be banned from doing while driving is	sipping drink.
one thing thats currently legal that people should be banned from doing while driving is	using cell phone.
one thing thats currently legal that people should be banned from doing while driving is	applying make up.
one thing you can see at a kids birthday party is	balloons.
one thing you can see at a kids birthday party is	clown.
one thing you can see at a kids birthday party is	cake.
one thing you can see at a kids birthday party is	kids.
one thing you can see at a kids birthday party is	inflatable jumping.
one thing you can see at a kids birthday party is	barney.
one thing you can see at a kids birthday party is	party hat.
one thing you might add milk to in the morning is	cold cereal.
one thing you might add milk to in the morning is	coffee.
one thing you might add milk to in the morning is	oatmeal.
one shakesphere character who most people have heard of is	romeo.
one shakesphere character who most people have heard of is	hamlet.
one shakesphere character who most people have heard of is	juliettejuliet.
one shakesphere character who most people have heard of is	macbeth.
one shakesphere character who most people have heard of is	othello.
one place where a man might be a "regular customer" is	bar.
one place where a man might be a "regular customer" is	restaurant/coffee shop.
one place where a man might be a "regular customer" is	barber shop.
one place where a man might be a "regular customer" is	gentleman's club.
one movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner is	brad pitt.
one movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner is	tom hanks.
one movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner is	julia roberts.
one movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner is	jennifer aniston.
one movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner is	denzel washington.
one movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner is	sean penn.
one movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner is	reese witherspoon.
one thing you clean that only gets dirty again in a day is	dishes.
one thing you clean that only gets dirty again in a day is	clothes.
one thing you clean that only gets dirty again in a day is	bathroom.
one thing you clean that only gets dirty again in a day is	floors.
one thing people put in front of their house to deter burglars is	alarm system/sign.
one thing people put in front of their house to deter burglars is	dog.
one thing people put in front of their house to deter burglars is	motion light.
one thing people put in front of their house to deter burglars is	fence.
one common item that's shaped like a bear is	plush toy.
one common item that's shaped like a bear is	cookie/cracker.
one common item that's shaped like a bear is	honey container.
one common item that's shaped like a bear is	gummy candy.
one thing people do to help them stay awake when they are tired is	drink coffee.
one thing people do to help them stay awake when they are tired is	take a pill.
one thing people do to help them stay awake when they are tired is	exercise.
one thing people do to help them stay awake when they are tired is	get cool air.
one thing people do to help them stay awake when they are tired is	listen to radio.
one thing people do to help them stay awake when they are tired is	eat.
one thing people do to help them stay awake when they are tired is	drink soda.
one thing a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold is	necklace.
one thing a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold is	shoes.
one thing a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold is	hat.
one thing a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold is	ring.
one thing a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold is	clover.
one thing a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold is	pot.
one thing a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold is	teeth.
one thing there are seven of is	dwarfes.
one thing there are seven of is	deadly sins.
one thing there are seven of is	wonders of the world.
one thing there are seven of is	days per week.
one thing there are seven of is	seas.
one thing there are seven of is	continents.
one thing people let soak overnight is	clothes.
one thing people let soak overnight is	food.
one thing people let soak overnight is	dishes.
one thing people let soak overnight is	dentist.
one event you might have a lot of leftovers from is	thanksgiving.
one event you might have a lot of leftovers from is	birthday party.
one event you might have a lot of leftovers from is	wedding.
one event you might have a lot of leftovers from is	christmas.
one profession where you might be bitten by a dog is	mail carrier.
one profession where you might be bitten by a dog is	dog catcher.
one profession where you might be bitten by a dog is	veterinarian.
one profession where you might be bitten by a dog is	police.
one occasion that a man might propose to his girlfriend is	valentines day.
one occasion that a man might propose to his girlfriend is	her birthday.
one occasion that a man might propose to his girlfriend is	christmas.
one occasion that a man might propose to his girlfriend is	at a wedding.
one occasion that a man might propose to his girlfriend is	anniversary.
one occasion that a man might propose to his girlfriend is	vacation.
one thing that people try to squeeze themselves into is	jeans.
one thing that people try to squeeze themselves into is	dress.
one thing that people try to squeeze themselves into is	car.
one thing that people try to squeeze themselves into is	elevator.
one thing that people try to squeeze themselves into is	bus.
one thing that people try to squeeze themselves into is	bathing suit.
one drink that many people love despite its bitter taste is	beer.
one drink that many people love despite its bitter taste is	coffee.
one drink that many people love despite its bitter taste is	lemonade.
one drink that many people love despite its bitter taste is	wine.
one country to which american jobs are being outsourced is	china.
one country to which american jobs are being outsourced is	mexico.
one country to which american jobs are being outsourced is	india.
one country to which american jobs are being outsourced is	japan.
one country to which american jobs are being outsourced is	vietnam.
one event a child closes their eyes for is	sleep.
one event a child closes their eyes for is	scary movie.
one event a child closes their eyes for is	shots.
one event a child closes their eyes for is	making a wish.
one event a child closes their eyes for is	prayer.
one event a child closes their eyes for is	roller coaster.
one event a child closes their eyes for is	hide and seek.
one thing moms warn their children will make them catch a cold is	not wearing jacket.
one thing moms warn their children will make them catch a cold is	germs.
one thing moms warn their children will make them catch a cold is	not wearing shoes.
one thing moms warn their children will make them catch a cold is	no hat.
one thing moms warn their children will make them catch a cold is	wet head.
one thing that wedding ceremony should be without is	bride.
one thing that wedding ceremony should be without is	minister.
one thing that wedding ceremony should be without is	rings.
one thing that wedding ceremony should be without is	music.
one thing that wedding ceremony should be without is	flowers.
one thing that wedding ceremony should be without is	groom.
one thing that wedding ceremony should be without is	vows.
one musical instrument thats difficult to play is	violin.
one musical instrument thats difficult to play is	harp.
one musical instrument thats difficult to play is	piano.
one musical instrument thats difficult to play is	guitar.
one musical instrument thats difficult to play is	flute.
one musical instrument thats difficult to play is	trumpet.
one musical instrument thats difficult to play is	oboe.
one toy that might be operated by remote control is	car.
one toy that might be operated by remote control is	airplain.
one toy that might be operated by remote control is	boat.
one toy that might be operated by remote control is	tractor.
one toy that might be operated by remote control is	motorcycle.
one toy that might be operated by remote control is	robot dog.
one minor ailment you can't stop your body from doing, but would dread having happen at your wedding ceremony is	hiccups.
one minor ailment you can't stop your body from doing, but would dread having happen at your wedding ceremony is	coughing/choking.
one minor ailment you can't stop your body from doing, but would dread having happen at your wedding ceremony is	pass gass.
one minor ailment you can't stop your body from doing, but would dread having happen at your wedding ceremony is	sneezing fit.
one minor ailment you can't stop your body from doing, but would dread having happen at your wedding ceremony is	bloody nose.
one letter of the alphabet that is also a vitamin is	c.
one letter of the alphabet that is also a vitamin is	e.
one letter of the alphabet that is also a vitamin is	b.
one letter of the alphabet that is also a vitamin is	a.
one thing deep sea divers wear that youd look silly wearing in the pool is	flippers.
one thing deep sea divers wear that youd look silly wearing in the pool is	oxygen tank.
one thing deep sea divers wear that youd look silly wearing in the pool is	mask.
one thing deep sea divers wear that youd look silly wearing in the pool is	wet suit.
one thing deep sea divers wear that youd look silly wearing in the pool is	snorkle.
one thing that people hope will last forever is	love/marriage.
one thing that people hope will last forever is	life.
one thing that people hope will last forever is	finances.
one thing that people hope will last forever is	youth.
one thing you use to decorate your face for halloween is	paint.
one thing you use to decorate your face for halloween is	mask.
one thing you use to decorate your face for halloween is	fake blood.
one thing you use to decorate your face for halloween is	clown nose.
one thing you use to decorate your face for halloween is	glitter.
one fruit that you can buy dried is	grape.
one fruit that you can buy dried is	banana.
one fruit that you can buy dried is	apricot.
one fruit that you can buy dried is	prune.
one fruit that you can buy dried is	apple.
one thing grownups sleep with in order to feel secure is	spouse.
one thing grownups sleep with in order to feel secure is	extra pillows.
one thing grownups sleep with in order to feel secure is	stuffed animal.
one thing grownups sleep with in order to feel secure is	blanket.
one thing grownups sleep with in order to feel secure is	night light.
one thing grownups sleep with in order to feel secure is	gun.
one thing grownups sleep with in order to feel secure is	pet.
one event many people dont like to attend without a date is	wedding.
one event many people dont like to attend without a date is	prom.
one event many people dont like to attend without a date is	party.
one event many people dont like to attend without a date is	reunion.
one thing you might ask a house sitter to do while staying at your place is	clean.
one thing you might ask a house sitter to do while staying at your place is	water plants.
one thing you might ask a house sitter to do while staying at your place is	feed animals.
one thing you might ask a house sitter to do while staying at your place is	take out trash.
one thing you might ask a house sitter to do while staying at your place is	get mail.
one thing that parents are always telling their kids to clean is	their rooms.
one thing that parents are always telling their kids to clean is	their teeth.
one thing that parents are always telling their kids to clean is	their hands.
one thing that parents are always telling their kids to clean is	behind their ears.
one thing that parents are always telling their kids to clean is	their plates.
one reason you'd go by a nickname instead of your full name is	shorter.
one reason you'd go by a nickname instead of your full name is	dislike full name.
one reason you'd go by a nickname instead of your full name is	friends/family insist.
one reason you'd go by a nickname instead of your full name is	rare name/hard to say.
one reason you'd go by a nickname instead of your full name is	nickname sounds cool.
one place where it would be rude to laugh is	funeral.
one place where it would be rude to laugh is	church.
one place where it would be rude to laugh is	library.
one place where it would be rude to laugh is	serious movie.
one place where it would be rude to laugh is	hospital.
one place where it would be rude to laugh is	court.
one thing a man does to groom himself is	shave.
one thing a man does to groom himself is	comb hair.
one thing a man does to groom himself is	shower.
one thing a man does to groom himself is	brush teeth.
one thing a king has, but most men don't is	crown.
one thing a king has, but most men don't is	castle.
one thing a king has, but most men don't is	marriage to queen.
one thing a king has, but most men don't is	thrown.
one thing a king has, but most men don't is	riches.
one thing a king has, but most men don't is	servants.
one thing a king has, but most men don't is	command.
one typical holiday casserole is	green bean.
one typical holiday casserole is	tuna.
one typical holiday casserole is	chicken.
one typical holiday casserole is	turkey.
one typical holiday casserole is	sweet potato.
one typical holiday casserole is	broccoli.
one typical holiday casserole is	mushroom.
one small creature who can be very noisy is	cricket.
one small creature who can be very noisy is	bird.
one small creature who can be very noisy is	chihuahua.
one small creature who can be very noisy is	cat.
one small creature who can be very noisy is	frog.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to run for president is	money.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to run for president is	education.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to run for president is	votes.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to run for president is	running mate.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to run for president is	gift of gab.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to run for president is	be a citizen.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to run for president is	clean backgroung.
one thing you might hook up to your tv is	dvd.
one thing you might hook up to your tv is	cable.
one thing you might hook up to your tv is	video game.
one thing you might hook up to your tv is	antenna.
one thing you might hook up to your tv is	satelite dish.
one thing you might hook up to your tv is	entertainment centre.
one thing an office worker says they could use more of is	paper.
one thing an office worker says they could use more of is	time.
one thing an office worker says they could use more of is	money.
one thing an office worker says they could use more of is	pens/pencils.
one thing an office worker says they could use more of is	breaks/time off.
one thing an office worker says they could use more of is	assistance.
one thing an office worker says they could use more of is	coffee.
one pasttime more respectable than watching tv is	reading.
one pasttime more respectable than watching tv is	exercise.
one pasttime more respectable than watching tv is	sports.
one pasttime more respectable than watching tv is	crafts.
one pasttime more respectable than watching tv is	playing instrument.
one pasttime more respectable than watching tv is	listening to radio.
one pasttime more respectable than watching tv is	cooking.
one canned food that you'd never eat directly from the can is	tuna.
one canned food that you'd never eat directly from the can is	soup.
one canned food that you'd never eat directly from the can is	beans.
one canned food that you'd never eat directly from the can is	corn.
one canned food that you'd never eat directly from the can is	spam.
one canned food that you'd never eat directly from the can is	pet food.
one room in the house people like to read is	bedroom.
one room in the house people like to read is	living room.
one room in the house people like to read is	den.
one room in the house people like to read is	family room.
one room in the house people like to read is	bathroom.
one room in the house people like to read is	library.
one thing people go to a professional to have cleaned is	teeth.
one thing people go to a professional to have cleaned is	clothes.
one thing people go to a professional to have cleaned is	carpet.
one thing people go to a professional to have cleaned is	drapes.
one type of item that might be sold fake by a street vendor is	watch.
one type of item that might be sold fake by a street vendor is	purse.
one type of item that might be sold fake by a street vendor is	jewelry.
one type of item that might be sold fake by a street vendor is	fur/leather coat.
one type of item that might be sold fake by a street vendor is	dvd.
one type of item that might be sold fake by a street vendor is	perfume.
one thing people keep near their favorite easy chair is	remote control.
one thing people keep near their favorite easy chair is	magazines.
one thing people keep near their favorite easy chair is	telephone.
one thing people keep near their favorite easy chair is	newspaper.
one thing people keep near their favorite easy chair is	books.
one thing people keep near their favorite easy chair is	drink.
one thing people do to keep warm in the winter is	snuggle.
one thing people do to keep warm in the winter is	drink hot cocoa.
one thing people do to keep warm in the winter is	build a fire.
one thing people do to keep warm in the winter is	turn up heat.
one thing people do to keep warm in the winter is	wear a coat.
one thing people do to keep warm in the winter is	exercise.
one thing people do to keep warm in the winter is	blanket.
one sea creature you'd hate to run into while scuba diving is	shark.
one sea creature you'd hate to run into while scuba diving is	sea snake.
one sea creature you'd hate to run into while scuba diving is	octopus.
one sea creature you'd hate to run into while scuba diving is	whale.
one sea creature you'd hate to run into while scuba diving is	electric eel.
one sea creature you'd hate to run into while scuba diving is	squid.
one type of sport that might be cancelled because of rain is	baseball.
one type of sport that might be cancelled because of rain is	football.
one type of sport that might be cancelled because of rain is	golf.
one type of sport that might be cancelled because of rain is	soccer.
one type of sport that might be cancelled because of rain is	tennis.
one thing that smells really bad when on fire is	hair.
one thing that smells really bad when on fire is	plastic.
one thing that smells really bad when on fire is	rubber.
one thing that smells really bad when on fire is	dinner.
one thing that a person might change many times throughout their life is	hair.
one thing that a person might change many times throughout their life is	clothes.
one thing that a person might change many times throughout their life is	careers.
one thing that a person might change many times throughout their life is	address.
one thing that a person might change many times throughout their life is	last name.
one thing that a person might change many times throughout their life is	partners.
one thing you keep in your pocket or purse "just in case" is	money.
one thing you keep in your pocket or purse "just in case" is	personal products.
one thing you keep in your pocket or purse "just in case" is	tissue.
one thing you keep in your pocket or purse "just in case" is	mace/weapon.
one thing you keep in your pocket or purse "just in case" is	medicine.
one thing you keep in your pocket or purse "just in case" is	gum.
one thing for which people shop around before buying is	car.
one thing for which people shop around before buying is	clothes.
one thing for which people shop around before buying is	house.
one thing for which people shop around before buying is	tv.
one thing for which people shop around before buying is	appliances.
one place you would go with your wife just to make her stop nagging is	shopping center.
one place you would go with your wife just to make her stop nagging is	restaurant.
one place you would go with your wife just to make her stop nagging is	movie theater.
one place you would go with your wife just to make her stop nagging is	place of worship.
one place you would go with your wife just to make her stop nagging is	hawii.
one place you would go with your wife just to make her stop nagging is	ballet.
one thing that the bride and groom do at a wedding that another guest should not is	kiss during toasts.
one thing that the bride and groom do at a wedding that another guest should not is	cut the cake.
one thing that the bride and groom do at a wedding that another guest should not is	say vows.
one thing that the bride and groom do at a wedding that another guest should not is	dance to first song.
one hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day is	soap.
one hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day is	deoderant.
one hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day is	toothpaste.
one hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day is	shampoo.
one hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day is	mouthwash.
one hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day is	hand sanitizer.
one hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day is	perfume.
one profession where you might be called a shark is	loan shark.
one profession where you might be called a shark is	gambler.
one profession where you might be called a shark is	pool player.
one profession where you might be called a shark is	lawyer.
one profession where you might be called a shark is	car dealer.
one profession where you might be called a shark is	agent.
one profession where you might be called a shark is	politition.
one thing a realtor suggests you do in order to sell your house is	paint.
one thing a realtor suggests you do in order to sell your house is	clean it.
one thing a realtor suggests you do in order to sell your house is	make upgrades.
one thing a realtor suggests you do in order to sell your house is	lower the price.
one state that youd hate to live in during summer is	florida.
one state that youd hate to live in during summer is	arizona.
one state that youd hate to live in during summer is	texas.
one state that youd hate to live in during summer is	california.
one tv show, past or present, that takes place in a hospital is	er.
one tv show, past or present, that takes place in a hospital is	general hospital.
one tv show, past or present, that takes place in a hospital is	grey's anatomy.
one tv show, past or present, that takes place in a hospital is	house.
one reason why its hard to slow dance with a ghost is	can't see them.
one reason why its hard to slow dance with a ghost is	nothing to hold.
one reason why its hard to slow dance with a ghost is	can't lead.
the worst thing to have to share with a sibling is	clothes.
the worst thing to have to share with a sibling is	bedroom.
the worst thing to have to share with a sibling is	bed.
the worst thing to have to share with a sibling is	toys.
the worst thing to have to share with a sibling is	food.
the worst thing to have to share with a sibling is	bathroom.
the worst thing to have to share with a sibling is	car.
one reason why a baby may be more fussy than usual is	hungry.
one reason why a baby may be more fussy than usual is	teething.
one reason why a baby may be more fussy than usual is	tired.
one reason why a baby may be more fussy than usual is	sickness.
one reason why a baby may be more fussy than usual is	wet diaper.
one reason why a baby may be more fussy than usual is	colic.
one thing youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii is	beaches.
one thing youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii is	flower necklace.
one thing youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii is	palm trees.
one thing youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii is	water.
one thing youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii is	hula dancers.
one thing youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii is	girls in bikinis.
one thing youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii is	pineapples.
one thing you started seeing less of since cell phones became popular is	pay phones.
one thing you started seeing less of since cell phones became popular is	home phones.
one thing you started seeing less of since cell phones became popular is	pagers.
one thing you started seeing less of since cell phones became popular is	letters.
one thing you wave in the air is	hands.
one thing you wave in the air is	flag.
one thing you wave in the air is	sign/banner.
one thing you wave in the air is	kite.
one thing you wave in the air is	lighter.
one thing kids use for fun, but adults use for exercise is	bike.
one thing kids use for fun, but adults use for exercise is	ball.
one thing kids use for fun, but adults use for exercise is	jumprope.
one thing kids use for fun, but adults use for exercise is	trampoline.
one thing kids use for fun, but adults use for exercise is	swimming pool.
one type of poster a yearold boy might have on his is	movie/tv star.
one type of poster a yearold boy might have on his is	their favorite band.
one type of poster a yearold boy might have on his is	sports.
one type of poster a yearold boy might have on his is	pro wrestling.
one type of poster a yearold boy might have on his is	superhero.
one person bart simpson would block from becoming his friend on facebook is	his dad/homer.
one person bart simpson would block from becoming his friend on facebook is	his sister/lisa.
one person bart simpson would block from becoming his friend on facebook is	his mom/marge.
one person bart simpson would block from becoming his friend on facebook is	the bully/nelson.
one person bart simpson would block from becoming his friend on facebook is	principal skinner.
one way people get to work in the morning is	car.
one way people get to work in the morning is	bus.
one place you wait where it could be awkward to make too much small talk with others is	hospital.
one place you wait where it could be awkward to make too much small talk with others is	bathroom.
one place you wait where it could be awkward to make too much small talk with others is	bus stop.
one place you wait where it could be awkward to make too much small talk with others is	jail.
one place you wait where it could be awkward to make too much small talk with others is	voting booth.
one place you wait where it could be awkward to make too much small talk with others is	court/lawyer.
one thing provided in some waiting rooms to help pass the time is	reading material.
one thing provided in some waiting rooms to help pass the time is	tv.
one thing provided in some waiting rooms to help pass the time is	music.
one thing provided in some waiting rooms to help pass the time is	coffee.
one occasion for which people return to their hometown is	reunion.
one occasion for which people return to their hometown is	christmas.
one occasion for which people return to their hometown is	wedding.
one occasion for which people return to their hometown is	funeral.
one occasion for which people return to their hometown is	birthday.
one thing about alaska that non-residents might romanticize is	snow/cold.
one thing about alaska that non-residents might romanticize is	wildlife.
one thing about alaska that non-residents might romanticize is	darkness.
one thing about alaska that non-residents might romanticize is	isolation/nature.
one food or beverage you wouldn't consume after it'd been sitting out in hot weather is	milk.
one food or beverage you wouldn't consume after it'd been sitting out in hot weather is	beer.
one food or beverage you wouldn't consume after it'd been sitting out in hot weather is	soda.
one food or beverage you wouldn't consume after it'd been sitting out in hot weather is	ice cream.
one food or beverage you wouldn't consume after it'd been sitting out in hot weather is	water.
one food or beverage you wouldn't consume after it'd been sitting out in hot weather is	meat.
one musical instrument made out of wood is	guitar.
one musical instrument made out of wood is	violin.
one musical instrument made out of wood is	flute/pipe.
one musical instrument made out of wood is	clarinet.
one musical instrument made out of wood is	oboe.
one article of clothing that you dont wash every time you wear it is	coat.
one article of clothing that you dont wash every time you wear it is	jeans.
one article of clothing that you dont wash every time you wear it is	sweater.
one article of clothing that you dont wash every time you wear it is	bra.
one animal that could probably beat carl lewis in a race is	cheetah.
one animal that could probably beat carl lewis in a race is	jaguar.
one animal that could probably beat carl lewis in a race is	tiger.
one animal that could probably beat carl lewis in a race is	cougar.
one animal that could probably beat carl lewis in a race is	horse.
one animal that could probably beat carl lewis in a race is	bird.
one thing you'd find in a punk rocker's bedroom is	guitar.
one thing you'd find in a punk rocker's bedroom is	posters.
one thing you'd find in a punk rocker's bedroom is	hair gel.
one thing you'd find in a punk rocker's bedroom is	stereo.
one thing people forget to do when in a hurry to leave the house is	lock the door.
one thing people forget to do when in a hurry to leave the house is	turn off the lights.
one thing people forget to do when in a hurry to leave the house is	grab keys.
one thing people forget to do when in a hurry to leave the house is	brush teeth.
one good occupation for a woman who was head cheerleader is	dancer.
one good occupation for a woman who was head cheerleader is	coach/teacher.
one good occupation for a woman who was head cheerleader is	model.
one good occupation for a woman who was head cheerleader is	motivational speaker.
one good occupation for a woman who was head cheerleader is	fitness instructor.
one thing specific that people flip is	coin.
one thing specific that people flip is	pancake.
one thing specific that people flip is	burger.
one thing specific that people flip is	hair.
one thing specific that people flip is	house.
one thing many men refuse to ask for help with is	directions.
one thing many men refuse to ask for help with is	cooking.
one thing many men refuse to ask for help with is	fixing cars.
one thing many men refuse to ask for help with is	paying the bills.
one thing that a very tall person might hit their head on in an unfamiliar house is	doorway.
one thing that a very tall person might hit their head on in an unfamiliar house is	ceiling.
one thing that a very tall person might hit their head on in an unfamiliar house is	light fixture.
one thing that a very tall person might hit their head on in an unfamiliar house is	ceiling fan.
one specific food you can get at almost every restaurant is	hamburger.
one specific food you can get at almost every restaurant is	french fries.
one specific food you can get at almost every restaurant is	chicken.
one specific food you can get at almost every restaurant is	salad.
one specific food you can get at almost every restaurant is	bread.
one specific food you can get at almost every restaurant is	pasta.
one specific food you can get at almost every restaurant is	steak.
one ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own is	flour.
one ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own is	salt.
one ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own is	butter.
one ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own is	sugar.
one ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own is	baking soda.
one ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own is	vanilla.
one ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own is	oil.
one expression with the word "kick" in it is	kick butt.
one expression with the word "kick" in it is	kick boxing.
one expression with the word "kick" in it is	a kick out of you.
one expression with the word "kick" in it is	kick ball.
one expression with the word "kick" in it is	kick it in.
one expression with the word "kick" in it is	kick off.
one personality trait you hope people use when talking about you is	kind.
one personality trait you hope people use when talking about you is	funny.
one personality trait you hope people use when talking about you is	friendly.
one personality trait you hope people use when talking about you is	smart.
one personality trait you hope people use when talking about you is	honest.
one personality trait you hope people use when talking about you is	happy.
one personality trait you hope people use when talking about you is	fun.
one gift thats great to give to children if you dont live with them is	drum.
one gift thats great to give to children if you dont live with them is	candy.
one gift thats great to give to children if you dont live with them is	dog.
one gift thats great to give to children if you dont live with them is	horn.
one gift thats great to give to children if you dont live with them is	guitar.
one gift thats great to give to children if you dont live with them is	toy gun.
one thing parents worry that their kids do too much of is	watch tv.
one thing parents worry that their kids do too much of is	eat.
one thing parents worry that their kids do too much of is	sleep.
one thing parents worry that their kids do too much of is	party.
one thing parents worry that their kids do too much of is	play video games.
one thing parents worry that their kids do too much of is	text.
one thing you see on the set of every game show is	hast.
one thing you see on the set of every game show is	contestants.
one thing you see on the set of every game show is	lights.
one thing you see on the set of every game show is	people.
one thing you see on the set of every game show is	podiums.
one thing you see on the set of every game show is	announcer.
one thing people do in the woods that probably annoys the animals living there is	hunt.
one thing people do in the woods that probably annoys the animals living there is	relieve themselves.
one thing people do in the woods that probably annoys the animals living there is	camp.
one thing people do in the woods that probably annoys the animals living there is	cut down trees.
one thing people do in the woods that probably annoys the animals living there is	litter.
one fruit that people might add to jello is	strawberry.
one fruit that people might add to jello is	apple.
one fruit that people might add to jello is	pineapple.
one fruit that people might add to jello is	peach.
one fruit that people might add to jello is	banana.
one fruit that people might add to jello is	grape.
one fruit that people might add to jello is	cherry.
one skill that parents hope their children have by the time they buy a home is	good with money.
one skill that parents hope their children have by the time they buy a home is	cooking.
one skill that parents hope their children have by the time they buy a home is	cleaning.
one skill that parents hope their children have by the time they buy a home is	maintainance.
one thing you might do on vacation in florida is	swim.
one thing you might do on vacation in florida is	fish.
no matter what your age one thing that can make you feel like a kid again is	eating sweets.
no matter what your age one thing that can make you feel like a kid again is	falling in love.
no matter what your age one thing that can make you feel like a kid again is	playing games/sports.
no matter what your age one thing that can make you feel like a kid again is	being around kids.
no matter what your age one thing that can make you feel like a kid again is	disney/theme park.
no matter what your age one thing that can make you feel like a kid again is	riding a bike.
no matter what your age one thing that can make you feel like a kid again is	dancing.
one thing a kid might do that would get them kicked out of a public swimming pool is	urinating.
one thing a kid might do that would get them kicked out of a public swimming pool is	running.
one thing a kid might do that would get them kicked out of a public swimming pool is	skinny dipping.
one thing a kid might do that would get them kicked out of a public swimming pool is	dive in shallow part.
one thing a kid might do that would get them kicked out of a public swimming pool is	fighting.
one thing a kid might do that would get them kicked out of a public swimming pool is	not following rules.
one appliance you avoid using when people are sleeping is	vacuum.
one appliance you avoid using when people are sleeping is	blender.
one appliance you avoid using when people are sleeping is	tv.
one appliance you avoid using when people are sleeping is	dishwasher.
one appliance you avoid using when people are sleeping is	washer/dryer.
one appliance you avoid using when people are sleeping is	microwave.
one breakfast food you could prepare using just one hand is	toast.
one breakfast food you could prepare using just one hand is	eggs.
one breakfast food you could prepare using just one hand is	cereal.
one breakfast food you could prepare using just one hand is	waffle/pop tart.
one breakfast food you could prepare using just one hand is	bacon.
the loudest animal in the zoo is	lion.
the loudest animal in the zoo is	elephant.
one thing scientists wear in the lab is	lab coat.
one thing scientists wear in the lab is	lab goggles.
one thing scientists wear in the lab is	gloves.
one thing scientists wear in the lab is	mask.
one thing about hulk hogan's appearance that is traditionally female is	bleached hair.
one thing about hulk hogan's appearance that is traditionally female is	tights.
one thing about hulk hogan's appearance that is traditionally female is	boa.
one thing about hulk hogan's appearance that is traditionally female is	tan.
one thing about hulk hogan's appearance that is traditionally female is	bandana.
one thing about hulk hogan's appearance that is traditionally female is	earring.
one thing that could keep a family apart on christmas is	weather.
one thing that could keep a family apart on christmas is	distance.
one thing that could keep a family apart on christmas is	work.
one thing that could keep a family apart on christmas is	fighting.
one reason why you might want to hide from one person at work is	don't like them.
one reason why you might want to hide from one person at work is	late.
one reason why you might want to hide from one person at work is	owe them money.
one reason why you might want to hide from one person at work is	it's your ex.
one reason why you might want to hide from one person at work is	in trouble.
one thing sister borrow from their brothers is	clothes/shoes.
one thing sister borrow from their brothers is	money.
one thing sister borrow from their brothers is	music/cds.
one thing sister borrow from their brothers is	car.
one thing sister borrow from their brothers is	deoderant.
one thing sister borrow from their brothers is	comb/brush.
one reason somebody would wear a hat all the time is	balding.
one reason somebody would wear a hat all the time is	bad hair day.
one reason somebody would wear a hat all the time is	protect from the sun.
one reason somebody would wear a hat all the time is	they're cold.
one reason why it takes you forever to get out of the grocery store is	long lines.
one reason why it takes you forever to get out of the grocery store is	shopping with kids.
one reason why it takes you forever to get out of the grocery store is	crowded.
one reason why it takes you forever to get out of the grocery store is	chatting.
one reason why it takes you forever to get out of the grocery store is	sales.
one thing people do with their index finger is	point.
one thing people do with their index finger is	pick nose.
one thing people do with their index finger is	apply makeup.
one thing people do with their index finger is	wear a ring.
one thing people do with their index finger is	scratch.
one thing people do with their index finger is	dial phone.
one thing you carry with you just in case but hate to get stuck carrying is	jacket.
one thing you carry with you just in case but hate to get stuck carrying is	purse/wallet.
one thing you carry with you just in case but hate to get stuck carrying is	cell phone.
one thing you carry with you just in case but hate to get stuck carrying is	camera.
one thing you carry with you just in case but hate to get stuck carrying is	umbrella.
one thing you carry with you just in case but hate to get stuck carrying is	water bottle.
one thing related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid is	taxes.
one thing related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid is	credit.
one thing related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid is	interest.
one thing related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid is	budget.
one thing related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid is	stocks.
one thing related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid is	mortgage.
one thing related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid is	loans.
one thing you would rent, but probably not buy is	limo/vehicle.
one thing you would rent, but probably not buy is	dvd.
one thing you would rent, but probably not buy is	vacation home.
one thing you would rent, but probably not buy is	carpet cleaner.
one thing you would rent, but probably not buy is	tuxedo/gown.
one thing you would rent, but probably not buy is	storage unit.
one football bowl game is	super bowl.
one football bowl game is	rose bowl.
one organ in the body that many people should take better care of is	heart.
one organ in the body that many people should take better care of is	liver.
one organ in the body that many people should take better care of is	lungs.
one organ in the body that many people should take better care of is	kidney.
one reason you might suspect that your roommate is turning into a vampire is	grows fangs.
one reason you might suspect that your roommate is turning into a vampire is	likes blood.
one reason you might suspect that your roommate is turning into a vampire is	sleep schedule.
one reason you might suspect that your roommate is turning into a vampire is	avoids sun.
one expense from a business trip that your employer probably wouldn't reimburse is	fancy meals.
one expense from a business trip that your employer probably wouldn't reimburse is	alcohol.
one expense from a business trip that your employer probably wouldn't reimburse is	entertainment.
one expense from a business trip that your employer probably wouldn't reimburse is	shopping.
one thing you would do if you heard that your favorite cereal was discontinued is	get upset.
one thing you would do if you heard that your favorite cereal was discontinued is	stock up.
one thing you would do if you heard that your favorite cereal was discontinued is	complain.
one thing you would do if you heard that your favorite cereal was discontinued is	switch brands.
one actor who uses or used their middle initial is	michael j fox.
one actor who uses or used their middle initial is	samuel l jackson.
one actor who uses or used their middle initial is	george c scott.
one actor who uses or used their middle initial is	edward g robinson.
one date when you shouldn't break up with one person is	valentine's day.
one date when you shouldn't break up with one person is	birthday.
one date when you shouldn't break up with one person is	christmas.
one date when you shouldn't break up with one person is	anniversary.
one thing a person does to warm up their hands is	rub them together.
one thing a person does to warm up their hands is	put on gloves.
one thing a person does to warm up their hands is	blow on them.
one thing a person does to warm up their hands is	put under warm water.
one thing a person does to warm up their hands is	sit on them.
one thing a person does to warm up their hands is	put in pocket.
one ingredient in a casserole is	noodles.
one ingredient in a casserole is	meat/fish.
one ingredient in a casserole is	cheese.
one ingredient in a casserole is	green beans.
one ingredient in a casserole is	cream.
one ingredient in a casserole is	eggs.
the worst kind of footwear to run a marathon in is	high heels.
the worst kind of footwear to run a marathon in is	boots.
the worst kind of footwear to run a marathon in is	sandals.
the worst kind of footwear to run a marathon in is	slippers.
one thing karaoke singers use for help, but a real singer shouldn't need is	lyrics.
one thing karaoke singers use for help, but a real singer shouldn't need is	alcohol.
one thing karaoke singers use for help, but a real singer shouldn't need is	microphone.
one thing karaoke singers use for help, but a real singer shouldn't need is	music.
one thing karaoke singers use for help, but a real singer shouldn't need is	backup vocals.
one reason why one person's voice might sound funny is	illness.
one reason why one person's voice might sound funny is	helium.
one reason why one person's voice might sound funny is	puberty.
one reason why one person's voice might sound funny is	drunk.
one reason why one person's voice might sound funny is	accent.
one reason why one person's voice might sound funny is	just woke up.
one breakfast item that you'd find on the menu of a fancy restaurant, but not your local diner is	eggs benidict.
one breakfast item that you'd find on the menu of a fancy restaurant, but not your local diner is	crepes.
one breakfast item that you'd find on the menu of a fancy restaurant, but not your local diner is	belgian waffles.
one breakfast item that you'd find on the menu of a fancy restaurant, but not your local diner is	bagel.
one breakfast item that you'd find on the menu of a fancy restaurant, but not your local diner is	quiche.
one breakfast item that you'd find on the menu of a fancy restaurant, but not your local diner is	croissant.
one thing you'd see in an office's kitchen area is	coffe pot/mugs.
one thing you'd see in an office's kitchen area is	microwave.
one thing you'd see in an office's kitchen area is	water cooler.
one thing you'd see in an office's kitchen area is	refrigerator.
one thing that chili may come with or without is	beans.
one thing that chili may come with or without is	cheese.
one thing that chili may come with or without is	meat.
one thing that chili may come with or without is	crackers.
one reason why you might skip lunch is	not hungry.
one reason why you might skip lunch is	too busy.
one reason why you might skip lunch is	on a diet.
one reason why you might skip lunch is	work/meeting.
one reason why you might skip lunch is	feeling sick.
one thing that celebrities and young children have in common is	spoiled.
one thing that celebrities and young children have in common is	crave attention.
one thing that celebrities and young children have in common is	have lots of toys.
one thing that celebrities and young children have in common is	immature.
one thing that celebrities and young children have in common is	no privacy.
one thing that celebrities and young children have in common is	they pretend.
one instance when a parent might try to distract a child is	getting a shot.
one instance when a parent might try to distract a child is	violence & movie.
one instance when a parent might try to distract a child is	upset/hurt.
one instance when a parent might try to distract a child is	tooth pulled.
one instance when a parent might try to distract a child is	sopping trip.
one instance when a parent might try to distract a child is	hiding a gift.
one reason why a kid might not wear his ordinary clothes to school is	they're dirty.
one reason why a kid might not wear his ordinary clothes to school is	picture day.
one reason why a kid might not wear his ordinary clothes to school is	it's halloween.
one reason why a kid might not wear his ordinary clothes to school is	wear's a uniform.
one thing a person might reach for at the dinner table is	salt and pepper.
one thing a person might reach for at the dinner table is	glass.
one thing a person might reach for at the dinner table is	silverware.
one thing a person might reach for at the dinner table is	bread.
one thing a person might reach for at the dinner table is	napkins.
one thing a person might reach for at the dinner table is	butter.
one thing a person might reach for at the dinner table is	food.
one part of your car that can be adjusted is	seat.
one part of your car that can be adjusted is	brakes.
one part of your car that can be adjusted is	mirror.
one part of your car that can be adjusted is	steering wheel.
one part of your car that can be adjusted is	tires.
one part of your car that can be adjusted is	radio.
one activity people commonly take up after retirement is	golf.
one activity people commonly take up after retirement is	gardening.
one activity people commonly take up after retirement is	traveling.
one activity people commonly take up after retirement is	fishing.
one activity people commonly take up after retirement is	playing an instrument.
one activity people commonly take up after retirement is	knitting.
one animal at the zoo you can recognize just by its sound is	elephant.
one animal at the zoo you can recognize just by its sound is	lion.
one color baby clothes comes in is	pink.
one color baby clothes comes in is	blue.
one color baby clothes comes in is	yellow.
one color baby clothes comes in is	green.
one thing a bachelor might buy for his bedroom to make it more romantic is	candles.
one thing a bachelor might buy for his bedroom to make it more romantic is	mirrors.
one thing a bachelor might buy for his bedroom to make it more romantic is	colored lights.
one thing a bachelor might buy for his bedroom to make it more romantic is	silk sheets.
one thing a bachelor might buy for his bedroom to make it more romantic is	stereo system.
one thing kids do over their summer vacation is	swim.
one thing kids do over their summer vacation is	play.
one thing kids do over their summer vacation is	go to camp.
one thing kids do over their summer vacation is	sleep in.
one thing kids do over their summer vacation is	travel.
one thing kids do over their summer vacation is	watch tv.
one thing kids do over their summer vacation is	read.
one thing you might see a lifeguard carrying is	whistle.
one thing you might see a lifeguard carrying is	life preserver.
one thing you might see a lifeguard carrying is	towel.
one thing you might see a lifeguard carrying is	surfboard.
one thing you might see a lifeguard carrying is	person.
one vacation spot that a person with a fear of heights would dread is	mountains.
one vacation spot that a person with a fear of heights would dread is	grand canyon.
one vacation spot that a person with a fear of heights would dread is	eiffel tower.
one vacation spot that a person with a fear of heights would dread is	empire state bldg.
one reason why one person might be able to retire at 40 is	high paying job.
one reason why one person might be able to retire at 40 is	military veteran.
one reason why one person might be able to retire at 40 is	won the lottery.
one reason why one person might be able to retire at 40 is	inheritance/family.
one reason why one person might be able to retire at 40 is	pro athlete.
one reason why one person might be able to retire at 40 is	started work early.
the worst part about the lavatories on planes is	too small.
the worst part about the lavatories on planes is	they stink.
the worst part about the lavatories on planes is	they are dirty.
the worst part about the lavatories on planes is	no ventilation.
the worst part about the lavatories on planes is	no smoking.
the worst part about the lavatories on planes is	turbulence.
one thing that you would buy at a bakery for christmas is	cookies.
one thing that you would buy at a bakery for christmas is	cake.
one thing that you would buy at a bakery for christmas is	pie.
one thing that you would buy at a bakery for christmas is	fruit cake.
one thing that you would buy at a bakery for christmas is	bread.
one thing that you would buy at a bakery for christmas is	rolls.
one thing you need when you're moving is	moving truck.
one thing you need when you're moving is	boxes.
one thing you need when you're moving is	dolly.
one thing you need when you're moving is	friends to help.
one thing you need when you're moving is	movers.
one thing people know more about if they read the tabloids in the checkout line is	celebs/scandlescelebs/sca.
one thing people know more about if they read the tabloids in the checkout line is	aliens.
one thing people know more about if they read the tabloids in the checkout line is	diets.
one thing people know more about if they read the tabloids in the checkout line is	fashion.
one thing in your house that has numbers on it is	phone.
one thing in your house that has numbers on it is	clock.
one thing in your house that has numbers on it is	tv/remote.
one thing in your house that has numbers on it is	microwave.
one job in which an attractive person probably makes better tips is	server.
one job in which an attractive person probably makes better tips is	exotic dancer.
one job in which an attractive person probably makes better tips is	bartender.
one thing parents wouldnt want to find under their childs bed is	magazines.
one thing parents wouldnt want to find under their childs bed is	moldy food.
one thing parents wouldnt want to find under their childs bed is	dirty clothes.
one thing parents wouldnt want to find under their childs bed is	boogieman.
one thing parents wouldnt want to find under their childs bed is	trash.
one public place where it is okay to yell is	park.
one public place where it is okay to yell is	concert.
one public place where it is okay to yell is	sports event.
one public place where it is okay to yell is	amusement park.
one thing you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing is	laundry.
one thing you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing is	clean.
one thing you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing is	eat.
one thing you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing is	go to work.
one thing you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing is	sleep.
one thing you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing is	use bathroom.
one thing you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing is	shop.
one thing that a circus performer's parents would cringe at seeing him perform is	tight rope.
one thing that a circus performer's parents would cringe at seeing him perform is	trapeze.
one thing that a circus performer's parents would cringe at seeing him perform is	taming lion.
one thing that a circus performer's parents would cringe at seeing him perform is	sword swallowing.
one thing that a circus performer's parents would cringe at seeing him perform is	eating fire.
one thing every college freshmen will spend money on is	books.
one thing every college freshmen will spend money on is	food.
one thing every college freshmen will spend money on is	beer.
one thing every college freshmen will spend money on is	computer.
one thing every college freshmen will spend money on is	tuition.
one thing that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon is	another woman.
one thing that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon is	cell phone.
one thing that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon is	his parents.
one thing that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon is	work/ laptop.
one thing that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon is	his best friend.
one thing that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon is	golf clubs.
one thing that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon is	his pet.
one complaint a customer might have about a bar theyre at is	too much smoke.
one complaint a customer might have about a bar theyre at is	noise.
one complaint a customer might have about a bar theyre at is	bad service.
one complaint a customer might have about a bar theyre at is	watery drinks.
one complaint a customer might have about a bar theyre at is	expensive drinks.
one complaint a customer might have about a bar theyre at is	too rowdy.
one movie that has become a cult classic is	rocky horror.
one movie that has become a cult classic is	pulp fiction.
one movie that has become a cult classic is	a clockwork orange.
one movie that has become a cult classic is	breakfast club.
one movie that has become a cult classic is	napolean dynamite.
one movie that has become a cult classic is	blair witch project.
one tourist attraction that offers a great view is	grand canyon.
one tourist attraction that offers a great view is	empire state building.
one tourist attraction that offers a great view is	space needle.
one tourist attraction that offers a great view is	eiffel tower.
one tourist attraction that offers a great view is	washington monument.
one tourist attraction that offers a great view is	niagra falls.
one tourist attraction that offers a great view is	st. louis arch.
one thing it would be rude not to do when being introduced to a stranger is	shake hands.
one thing it would be rude not to do when being introduced to a stranger is	smile.
one thing it would be rude not to do when being introduced to a stranger is	say hello.
one part of grooming that you'd spend more time on before a big date is	fixing hair.
one part of grooming that you'd spend more time on before a big date is	applying makeup.
one part of grooming that you'd spend more time on before a big date is	shaving.
one part of grooming that you'd spend more time on before a big date is	dressing.
one part of grooming that you'd spend more time on before a big date is	showering.
one part of grooming that you'd spend more time on before a big date is	brushing teeth.
one place where school children often go for field trips is	zoo.
one place where school children often go for field trips is	museum.
one place where school children often go for field trips is	park.
one place where school children often go for field trips is	farm.
one big event that happens to tv characters in order to up ratings is	death.
one big event that happens to tv characters in order to up ratings is	wedding.
one big event that happens to tv characters in order to up ratings is	new baby.
one big event that happens to tv characters in order to up ratings is	fall in love.
one food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically is	fish.
one food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically is	soup.
one food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically is	pizza.
one food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically is	noodles.
one food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically is	hot dog.
one food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically is	ribs.
one food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically is	chicken.
one thing specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean is	floor mats.
one thing specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean is	windows.
one thing specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean is	ashtray.
one thing specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean is	carpet.
one thing specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean is	trunk.
one thing specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean is	dashboard.
one thing specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean is	steering wheel.
one thing specific that must be really hard for astronauts to do while in space is	eat/drink.
one thing specific that must be really hard for astronauts to do while in space is	use the bathroom.
one thing specific that must be really hard for astronauts to do while in space is	move around/exercise.
one thing specific that must be really hard for astronauts to do while in space is	sleep.
one thing specific that must be really hard for astronauts to do while in space is	breathe.
one occupation where women are often portrayed as sexy is	nurse.
one occupation where women are often portrayed as sexy is	dancer.
one occupation where women are often portrayed as sexy is	model.
one occupation where women are often portrayed as sexy is	waitress.
one occupation where women are often portrayed as sexy is	secretary.
one thing a deejay needs to play a gig is	music.
one thing a deejay needs to play a gig is	turntable.
one thing a deejay needs to play a gig is	microphone.
one thing a deejay needs to play a gig is	laptop/ipod.
one thing a deejay needs to play a gig is	sound system.
one thing a pirate has to take off before he goes to bed is	eye patch.
one thing a pirate has to take off before he goes to bed is	hook.
one thing a pirate has to take off before he goes to bed is	hat.
one thing a pirate has to take off before he goes to bed is	wooden leg.
one thing a pirate has to take off before he goes to bed is	sword.
one thing a pirate has to take off before he goes to bed is	parrot.
one vegetable that people like to steam is	broccoli.
one vegetable that people like to steam is	carrots.
one vegetable that people like to steam is	corn.
one vegetable that people like to steam is	cabbage.
one vegetable that people like to steam is	cauliflower.
one vegetable that people like to steam is	asparagus.
one vegetable that people like to steam is	green beans.
one thing bad that might happen to a magician's assistant during a performance is	cut in half.
one thing bad that might happen to a magician's assistant during a performance is	disappear.
one thing bad that might happen to a magician's assistant during a performance is	trip.
one thing bad that might happen to a magician's assistant during a performance is	get hit by a knife.
one thing restaurants have in them to appear fancier is	table linens.
one thing restaurants have in them to appear fancier is	fancy food.
one thing restaurants have in them to appear fancier is	candles.
one thing restaurants have in them to appear fancier is	wine list.
one thing restaurants have in them to appear fancier is	chandelier.
one thing you can buy at a western store you probably can't buy in a regular clothes store is	cowboy boots.
one thing you can buy at a western store you probably can't buy in a regular clothes store is	cowboy hat.
one thing you can buy at a western store you probably can't buy in a regular clothes store is	chaps.
one thing you can buy at a western store you probably can't buy in a regular clothes store is	spurs.
one thing you can buy at a western store you probably can't buy in a regular clothes store is	rope.
one thing you can buy at a western store you probably can't buy in a regular clothes store is	saddle.
one place where you hate to see litter is	park.
one place where you hate to see litter is	beach.
one place where you hate to see litter is	roadside.
one place where you hate to see litter is	yard.
one place where you hate to see litter is	schoolyard.
one souvenir a tourist might bbring home from hollywood is	t shirt.
one souvenir a tourist might bbring home from hollywood is	picture.
one subject you can't discuss without losing your temper is	politics.
one subject you can't discuss without losing your temper is	religion.
one subject you can't discuss without losing your temper is	health care.
one subject you can't discuss without losing your temper is	money.
one subject you can't discuss without losing your temper is	obama.
one person you see on a regular basis who charges too much is	doctor.
one person you see on a regular basis who charges too much is	gas station.
one person you see on a regular basis who charges too much is	dentist.
one person you see on a regular basis who charges too much is	hair dresser.
one person you see on a regular basis who charges too much is	supermarket.
one person you see on a regular basis who charges too much is	convenience store.
one person you wish you could dance like is	fred astaire.
one person you wish you could dance like is	ginger rogers.
one person you wish you could dance like is	patrick swayze.
one person you wish you could dance like is	john travolta.
one person you wish you could dance like is	michael jackson.
one person you wish you could dance like is	gene kelly.
one thing that distracts you in a car is	radio.
one thing that distracts you in a car is	kids.
one thing people buy at the last minute for christmas is	presents.
one thing people buy at the last minute for christmas is	food.
one snow-related activity santa might do to stay healthy is	skiing.
one snow-related activity santa might do to stay healthy is	snowboard.
one kind of weather that would cause you not to see as well is	fog.
one kind of weather that would cause you not to see as well is	snow.
one animal that would look cute in a pirate's hat is	dog.
one animal that would look cute in a pirate's hat is	parrot.
one animal that would look cute in a pirate's hat is	monkey.
one animal that would look cute in a pirate's hat is	cat.
one thing you hang onto for dear life is	person.
one thing you hang onto for dear life is	money.
one thing you hang onto for dear life is	pictures.
one thing you hang onto for dear life is	purse.
one thing you hang onto for dear life is	pride.
one thing you see in a museum is	paintings.
one thing you see in a museum is	statue.
one thing people stop for on their way to work is	coffee.
one thing people stop for on their way to work is	breakfast.
one specific food you'd keep in the refrigerator crisper is	lettuce.
one specific food you'd keep in the refrigerator crisper is	tomato.
one thing in your house that you use at least once a day is	bathroom.
one thing in your house that you use at least once a day is	telephone.
one thing in your house that you use at least once a day is	stove/oven.
one thing in your house that you use at least once a day is	soap.
one thing in your house that you use at least once a day is	television.
one thing cher is famous for is	singing.
one thing cher is famous for is	sonny cher show.
sport that does not use a ball is	hockey.
sport that does not use a ball is	swimming.
one reason you wouldn't want to drive behind a bus is	you're in a hurry.
one reason you wouldn't want to drive behind a bus is	frequent stops.
one gift that is often re-gifted is	clothes.
one gift that is often re-gifted is	fruit cake.
one thing that people swing is	baseball bat.
one thing that people swing is	arms/hands.
one thing that people swing is	rope.
one thing that people swing is	keys.
one thing that people swing is	swing set.
one thing you might do on your first week of work, that would make it your last week of work is	come in late.
one thing you might do on your first week of work, that would make it your last week of work is	steal.
one thing you might do on your first week of work, that would make it your last week of work is	rude to boss.
one thing you might do on your first week of work, that would make it your last week of work is	not show up.
one thing you might do on your first week of work, that would make it your last week of work is	do nothing.
one thing you might do on your first week of work, that would make it your last week of work is	long lunch.
one thing children get in their hair is	gum.
one thing children get in their hair is	food.
one thing that people twist is	hair.
one thing that people twist is	rope.
one thing that people twist is	ties.
one thing that people twist is	bottle cap.
one thing that people twist is	finger.
one thing that people twist is	arm.
one thing that people twist is	ankle.
one way you can tell that the person you're talking to is an escaped convict is	prison uniform.
one way you can tell that the person you're talking to is an escaped convict is	hand cuffs.
one thing you might see inside a bank is	tellers.
one thing you might see inside a bank is	money.
one thing you might see inside a bank is	vault.
one thing you might see inside a bank is	guard.
one thing nobody wants living in their house is	bugs.
one thing nobody wants living in their house is	mice.
one thing nobody wants living in their house is	snakes.
one thing nobody wants living in their house is	relative.
one thing nobody wants living in their house is	mother-in-law.
one thing that reminds you of winter is	snow.
one thing that reminds you of winter is	snowman.
one fictional character who hates the holidays is	grinch.
one fictional character who hates the holidays is	scrooge.
one comedian who has, or had, a tv series (full names) is	ray romano.
one comedian who has, or had, a tv series (full names) is	jerry seinfeld.
one comedian who has, or had, a tv series (full names) is	dave chappelle.
one comedian who has, or had, a tv series (full names) is	bernie mac.
one comedian who has, or had, a tv series (full names) is	chris rock.
one comedian who has, or had, a tv series (full names) is	martin lawrence.
one thing people have trouble getting rid of is	insect.
one thing people have trouble getting rid of is	illness.
one thing people have trouble getting rid of is	clothes.
one thing people have trouble getting rid of is	weight.
one thing people have trouble getting rid of is	mice.
one thing people have trouble getting rid of is	trash.
one thing teenagers think it's important to be good at is	school.
one thing teenagers think it's important to be good at is	sports.
one thing a boy scout gets a badge for is	good samaritan.
one thing a boy scout gets a badge for is	outdoors man.
one thing a boy scout gets a badge for is	starting a fire.
one thing a boy scout gets a badge for is	being honorable.
one thing a boy scout gets a badge for is	hiking.
one thing that comes in a jar is	jam.
one thing that comes in a jar is	pickles.
one thing that comes in a jar is	peanut butter.
one thing that comes in a jar is	olives.
one way you might try to stay awake while driving is	roll window down.
one way you might try to stay awake while driving is	turn music on.
one thing a gardener does to a lawn that you would not do to a grass skirt is	water.
one thing a gardener does to a lawn that you would not do to a grass skirt is	fertilize.
one really small state is	rhode island.
one really small state is	new hampshire.
one person famous who never seems to age is	dick clark.
one person famous who never seems to age is	madonna.
one person famous who never seems to age is	george hamilton.
one person famous who never seems to age is	brad pitt.
one thing people suffering from colds always seem to be doing is	sneezing.
one thing people suffering from colds always seem to be doing is	blowing nose.
one thing embarrassing that can happen when you sing karaoke is	out of tune.
one thing embarrassing that can happen when you sing karaoke is	forget words.
one type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache is	milk.
one type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache is	soup.
one type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache is	pasta.
one type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache is	whipped cream.
one type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache is	cheese.
one type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache is	pizza.
one type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache is	bread.
one type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache is	cake.
one appliance you have in you home, that your grandparents didn't is	microwave.
one appliance you have in you home, that your grandparents didn't is	computer.
one thing people do in an argument that isn't productive at all is	be aggressive.
one thing people do in an argument that isn't productive at all is	hit.
one thing people do in an argument that isn't productive at all is	yell.
one thing people dislik about a sleeper sofa is	uncomfortable.
one thing people dislik about a sleeper sofa is	too hard.
one form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rain storm is	motorcycle.
one form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rain storm is	bicycle.
one thing you might get hit with if you were at the park is	ball.
one thing you might get hit with if you were at the park is	frisbee.
one thing your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you is	burp.
one thing your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you is	talk loud.
one thing your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you is	pick nose.
one thing your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you is	rude.
one thing your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you is	chew mouth open.
one thing your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you is	blow nose.
one thing your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you is	pass gas.
one place people keep money on vacation is	wallet.
one place people keep money on vacation is	suitcase.
one place people keep money on vacation is	bank.
one place people keep money on vacation is	sock.
one place people keep money on vacation is	pocket.
one type of bean found in a salad is	garbanzo.
one type of bean found in a salad is	lima.
one type of bean found in a salad is	pinto.
the most important part of a wedding ceremony is	exchange rings.
the most important part of a wedding ceremony is	minister.
one thing kids like to snack on between meals is	candy.
one thing kids like to snack on between meals is	chips.
one thing kids like to snack on between meals is	cookies.
one good homemade holiday gift is	cookies.
one good homemade holiday gift is	sweater.
one good homemade holiday gift is	card.
one thing that makes you sweat just thinking about it is	running.
one thing that makes you sweat just thinking about it is	spicy food.
one thing that makes you sweat just thinking about it is	sun.
one thing that makes you sweat just thinking about it is	summer.
one thing that makes you sweat just thinking about it is	bills.
one thing that makes you sweat just thinking about it is	beach.
one person you have to be nice to, even if you don't like them is	send us your answers!.
one person you have to be nice to, even if you don't like them is	boss.
one person you have to be nice to, even if you don't like them is	parents.
one thing you'd need if you're making apple pie is	crust.
one thing you'd need if you're making apple pie is	apples.
one thing overprotective mothers are afraid to let their children do is	drive.
one thing overprotective mothers are afraid to let their children do is	play sports.
one thing that exists in outer space is	sun/stars.
one thing that exists in outer space is	moon.
one thing that might be self-service is	gas station.
one thing that might be self-service is	car wash.
one reason to see a movie at home instead of at the theater is	cheaper.
one reason to see a movie at home instead of at the theater is	couch.
one reason to see a movie at home instead of at the theater is	less crowded.
one bald actor is	telly savalas.
one bald actor is	bruce willis.
one thing irritating that would happen when using a pay phone is	doesn't make call.
one thing irritating that would happen when using a pay phone is	takes your money.
the worst food to eat if you are on a diet ("dessert" is not an answer be more specific) is	football.
the worst food to eat if you are on a diet ("dessert" is not an answer be more specific) is	baseball.
one place you'd find ice is	freezer.
one place you'd find ice is	hockey rink.
one piece of information you would expect to be printed on a business card is	phone number.
one piece of information you would expect to be printed on a business card is	person's name.
one movie you'd be surprised to see a teenage boy watching is	gone with the wind.
one movie you'd be surprised to see a teenage boy watching is	high school musical.
one thing a ten year old girl might take to a sleep over is	sleeping bag.
one thing a ten year old girl might take to a sleep over is	pillow.
one person who has gone from hero to zero is	george bush.
one person who has gone from hero to zero is	john edwards.
one person who has gone from hero to zero is	britney spears.
one person who has gone from hero to zero is	o.j. simpson.
one person who has gone from hero to zero is	michael vick.
one person who has gone from hero to zero is	richard nixon.
one person who has gone from hero to zero is	tom cruise.
one person who has gone from hero to zero is	arnold schwarzenegger.
one thing you might drink on christmas eve by the fire is	egg nog.
one thing you might drink on christmas eve by the fire is	cider.
one type of fruit you could grow on a tree in your backyard is	apples.
one type of fruit you could grow on a tree in your backyard is	peaches.
one fruit people slice is	apple.
one fruit people slice is	watermelon.
one thing you wish you had the willpower to do is	lose weight.
one thing you wish you had the willpower to do is	money.
one thing you wish you had the willpower to do is	change the world.
one thing you wish you had the willpower to do is	exercise.
one thing you wish you had the willpower to do is	stop the war.
one thing you wish you had the willpower to do is	move away.
one thing you receive multiple times per day is	send us your answers!.
one thing you receive multiple times per day is	phone calls.
one holiday dessert with cinnamon in it is	cookies.
one holiday dessert with cinnamon in it is	pumpkin pie.
one thing people put on top of a piano is	pictures.
one thing people put on top of a piano is	vase.
one thing people put on top of a piano is	candles.
one thing you don't want to do when you're tired is	send us your answers!.
one thing you don't want to do when you're tired is	work.
one thing a magician might make appear out of thin air is	rabbit.
one thing a magician might make appear out of thin air is	birds.
one thing a magician might make appear out of thin air is	flowers.
one occupation that involves touching others is	masseuse.
one occupation that involves touching others is	doctor.
one occupation that involves touching others is	nurse.
one occupation that involves touching others is	chiropractor.
one occupation that involves touching others is	physio.
one food you'd expect to find at a super bowl party is	chips and dip.
one food you'd expect to find at a super bowl party is	hot dogs.
one type of business people would not want to live next to is	chemical plant.
one type of business people would not want to live next to is	night club.
one type of business people would not want to live next to is	farm.
one type of business people would not want to live next to is	dump.
one type of business people would not want to live next to is	funeral parlor.
one type of business people would not want to live next to is	airport.
one famous woman tennis player is	venus williams.
one famous woman tennis player is	serena williams.
one thing you'd do if you could get away with it is	rob a bank.
one thing you'd do if you could get away with it is	not work.
one thing you'd do if you could get away with it is	lie.
one thing you'd do if you could get away with it is	not pay taxes.
one thing you'd do if you could get away with it is	speed.
one thing you'd do if you could get away with it is	cheating.
one thing you color is	coloring book.
one thing you color is	hair.
one superpower you wish you had is	flight.
one superpower you wish you had is	psychic.
one superpower you wish you had is	x-ray vision.
one superpower you wish you had is	invisibility.
one thing on a car that might break but wouldn't keep you from driving it is	lights.
one thing on a car that might break but wouldn't keep you from driving it is	window wipers.
one thing on a car that might break but wouldn't keep you from driving it is	radio/cd player.
one thing on a car that might break but wouldn't keep you from driving it is	mirror.
one thing you might see in the jungle is	trees.
one thing you might see in the jungle is	monkeys.
one thing you might see in the jungle is	tigers.
one party game that might be more fun to play nude is	send us your answers!.
one party game that might be more fun to play nude is	twister.
one good gift for a kid who's really into baseball is	glove.
one good gift for a kid who's really into baseball is	bat.
one thing men do faster than women do is	run.
one thing men do faster than women do is	get dressed.
one thing men do faster than women do is	drive.
one thing men do faster than women do is	eat/drink.
one thing men do faster than women do is	lie/cheat.
one thing specific a belly dancer shouldn't eat before she goes to work is	beans.
one thing specific a belly dancer shouldn't eat before she goes to work is	garlic.
one thing specific a belly dancer shouldn't eat before she goes to work is	cabbage.
one thing specific a belly dancer shouldn't eat before she goes to work is	pasta.
one thing specific a belly dancer shouldn't eat before she goes to work is	broccoli.
one thing a gladiator might take into battle is	sword.
one thing a gladiator might take into battle is	shield.
one thing a gladiator might take into battle is	helmet.
one thing a gladiator might take into battle is	axe.
one thing a gladiator might take into battle is	trident.
one thing you do in front of the mirror that you might not want anyone else to see is	dance.
one thing you do in front of the mirror that you might not want anyone else to see is	singing.
one thing you do in front of the mirror that you might not want anyone else to see is	flexing.
one thing you do in front of the mirror that you might not want anyone else to see is	popping a zit.
one thing you do in front of the mirror that you might not want anyone else to see is	nose picking.
one thing you do in front of the mirror that you might not want anyone else to see is	be nude.
one of the least popular common holiday gifts is	socks.
one of the least popular common holiday gifts is	fruitcake.
one of the least popular common holiday gifts is	sweater.
one thing a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads is	sports.
one thing a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads is	everything.
one thing a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads is	building.
one thing a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads is	fighting.
one thing a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads is	makign money.
one thing a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads is	being smart.
one thing a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads is	being strong.
one thing that has a captain is	ship.
one thing that has a captain is	team.
one thing you sit on is	chair.
one thing you sit on is	couch.
one thing you sit on is	buttocks.
one thing you sit on is	bench.
one thing cats like to rub up against is	people.
one thing cats like to rub up against is	furniture.
one thing cats like to rub up against is	scratching post.
one thing cats like to rub up against is	wall.
one thing cats like to rub up against is	catnip.
one canned food you always have in your cupboard is	baked beans.
one canned food you always have in your cupboard is	tomatoes.
one canned food you always have in your cupboard is	spaghetti.
one canned food you always have in your cupboard is	soup.
one canned food you always have in your cupboard is	tuna.
one canned food you always have in your cupboard is	corn.
one videogame company is	nintendo.
one videogame company is	sony.
one videogame company is	microsoft.
one videogame company is	electronic arts.
one thing you wish people would do more often is	be polite.
one thing you wish people would do more often is	smile.
one thing you wish people would do more often is	say thank you.
one thing you wish people would do more often is	shower.
one thing you wish people would do more often is	pray.
one thing you wish people would do more often is	help others.
one game people play on their cell phone is	candy crush.
one game people play on their cell phone is	family feud.
one game people play on their cell phone is	angry birds.
one game people play on their cell phone is	solitaire.
one game people play on their cell phone is	tetris.
one thing that is dangerous for children to play with is	knives.
one thing that is dangerous for children to play with is	matches.
one thing that is dangerous for children to play with is	fires.
one thing that is dangerous for children to play with is	guns.
one thing that is dangerous for children to play with is	scissors.
one thing that is dangerous for children to play with is	electrical socket.
one good way to teach children the value of money is	money.
one good way to teach children the value of money is	saving.
one good way to teach children the value of money is	earn it.
one good way to teach children the value of money is	open bank account.
one good way to teach children the value of money is	pay for own stuff.
one good way to teach children the value of money is	take them shopping.
one thing kids want to do over and over when they first learn it is	ride bike.
one thing kids want to do over and over when they first learn it is	talk.
one thing kids want to do over and over when they first learn it is	walk.
one thing kids want to do over and over when they first learn it is	swim.
one thing kids want to do over and over when they first learn it is	tie shoes.
one thing kids want to do over and over when they first learn it is	read.
one thing you expect to see at a hotel is	beds.
one thing you expect to see at a hotel is	clean towels.
one thing you expect to see at a hotel is	bellhop.
one thing you expect to see at a hotel is	bibles.
one thing you expect to see at a hotel is	bars.
one occassion that all parents look forward to is	graduation.
one occassion that all parents look forward to is	christmas.
one occassion that all parents look forward to is	kid's moving out.
one occassion that all parents look forward to is	birthdays.
one occassion that all parents look forward to is	first day of school.
one occassion that all parents look forward to is	anniversary.
one occassion that all parents look forward to is	wedding.
one occassion that all parents look forward to is	mother's.
one thing a stay-at-home parent does while the kids are napping is	clean.
one thing a stay-at-home parent does while the kids are napping is	sleep.
one thing a stay-at-home parent does while the kids are napping is	watch tv.
one thing a stay-at-home parent does while the kids are napping is	cook.
one thing a stay-at-home parent does while the kids are napping is	read.
one thing you know about tennessee williams is	playwright.
one thing you know about tennessee williams is	streetcar named desire.
one thing you know about tennessee williams is	alcoholism.
one thing you know about tennessee williams is	poet.
one thing you should always point out to a friend even though it's embarrassing is	food in teeth.
one thing you should always point out to a friend even though it's embarrassing is	need a kleenex.
one thing you should always point out to a friend even though it's embarrassing is	bad breath.
one thing you should always point out to a friend even though it's embarrassing is	zipper down.
one thing you should always point out to a friend even though it's embarrassing is	body odor.
one thing you should always point out to a friend even though it's embarrassing is	behaving badly.
one specific way a couple might show affection in public is	hold hands.
one specific way a couple might show affection in public is	kiss.
one thing kids threaten to do when they're mad is	run away.
one thing kids threaten to do when they're mad is	have tantrum.
one thing kids threaten to do when they're mad is	throw.
one thing kids threaten to do when they're mad is	hold breath.
one thing kids threaten to do when they're mad is	hurt someone.
one thing people sterilize is	baby bottles.
one thing people sterilize is	syringes.
one thing people sterilize is	dishes.
one sport where you "serve" a ball is	tennis.
one sport where you "serve" a ball is	volleyball.
one thing kids do to get attention from their parents is	yell.
one thing kids do to get attention from their parents is	cry.
one thing kids do to get attention from their parents is	sulk.
one thing kids do to get attention from their parents is	tantrum.
one thing kids can get away with in the summer that adults can't is	bugs.
one thing kids can get away with in the summer that adults can't is	food.
one thing kids can get away with in the summer that adults can't is	homesick.
one thing kids can get away with in the summer that adults can't is	weather.
one thing kids can get away with in the summer that adults can't is	boredom.
one specific place where you'd hate to be when there's a major power failure is	elevator.
one specific place where you'd hate to be when there's a major power failure is	subway/train.
one specific place where you'd hate to be when there's a major power failure is	work/office bldg..
one specific place where you'd hate to be when there's a major power failure is	home/basement.
one specific place where you'd hate to be when there's a major power failure is	mall/store.
one specific place where you'd hate to be when there's a major power failure is	doctor/surgery.
one thing parents wish a baby could do for themselves is	change diapers.
one thing parents wish a baby could do for themselves is	feed themselves.
one animal a child dreams about owning is	dog.
one animal a child dreams about owning is	pony.
one animal a child dreams about owning is	elephant.
one animal a child dreams about owning is	monkey.
one cartoon character you can have your picture taken with at disneyland is	mickey mouse.
one cartoon character you can have your picture taken with at disneyland is	goofy.
one cartoon character you can have your picture taken with at disneyland is	minnie mouse.
one thing kids love to drink is	soft drink.
one thing kids love to drink is	kool aid.
one thing kids love to drink is	juice.
one thing kids love to drink is	milk.
one thing kids love to drink is	hot chocolate.
one thing that begins with "hold your" is	hold your horses.
one thing that begins with "hold your" is	hold your breath.
one thing that begins with "hold your" is	hold your tongue.
one thing that begins with "hold your" is	hold your temper.
one thing that begins with "hold your" is	hold your hand.
one thing annoying kids say on a long car trip is	are we there yet?.
one thing annoying kids say on a long car trip is	i need to go to the bathr.
one job one person with claustrophia should not do is	elevator operator.
one job one person with claustrophia should not do is	miner.
one job one person with claustrophia should not do is	airplane pilot.
one job one person with claustrophia should not do is	astronaut.
one thing an alien might report that earth has a lot of is	people.
one thing an alien might report that earth has a lot of is	pollution.
one thing an alien might report that earth has a lot of is	food.
one thing an alien might report that earth has a lot of is	cars.
one thing an alien might report that earth has a lot of is	water.
one thing an alien might report that earth has a lot of is	crime.
one thing a man might not have anymore after a divorce is	money.
one thing a man might not have anymore after a divorce is	wife.
one thing a man might not have anymore after a divorce is	house.
one thing a man might not have anymore after a divorce is	children.
one city in canada everyone has heard of is	toronto.
one city in canada everyone has heard of is	montreal.
one city in canada everyone has heard of is	vancouver.
one city in canada everyone has heard of is	quebec city.
one city in canada everyone has heard of is	niagra falls.
one city in canada everyone has heard of is	calgary.
one thing people give to others as proof of their love is	ring/jewelry.
one thing people give to others as proof of their love is	flowers.
one thing people give to others as proof of their love is	kiss.
one thing people give to others as proof of their love is	money.
one thing you see on the cover of a christmas card is	santa.
one thing you see on the cover of a christmas card is	christmas tree.
one thing you see on the cover of a christmas card is	snow.
one thing you see on the cover of a christmas card is	nativity scene.
one thing you see on the cover of a christmas card is	family photos.
one thing you see on the cover of a christmas card is	snowman.
one animal kids always want for a pet and parents always say no to is	dog.
one animal kids always want for a pet and parents always say no to is	snake.
one animal kids always want for a pet and parents always say no to is	pony.
one animal kids always want for a pet and parents always say no to is	monkey.
one thing dogs like to chase is	cats.
one thing dogs like to chase is	cars.
one thing dogs like to chase is	tails.
one thing dogs like to chase is	balls.
one thing dogs like to chase is	mailman.
one person who has to work christmas eve is	santa claus.
one person who has to work christmas eve is	police officer.
one person who has to work christmas eve is	doctor.
one person who has to work christmas eve is	nurse.
one person who has to work christmas eve is	firefighters.
one thing that is made of gold ("jewelry" is not an answer be more specific) is	necklace.
one thing that is made of gold ("jewelry" is not an answer be more specific) is	rings.
one thing that is made of gold ("jewelry" is not an answer be more specific) is	earrings.
one thing that is made of gold ("jewelry" is not an answer be more specific) is	teeth.
one thing that is made of gold ("jewelry" is not an answer be more specific) is	trophy.
one thing people might skip is	breakfast.
one thing people might skip is	class.
one thing people might skip is	jump ropes.
one thing people might skip is	lunch.
one thing people might skip is	work.
one thing people might skip is	church.
one thing that people say is good for the soul is	prayer.
one thing that people say is good for the soul is	food/cooking.
one thing that people say is good for the soul is	confession/truth.
one thing that people say is good for the soul is	laughter.
one thing that people say is good for the soul is	music.
one thing that people say is good for the soul is	friendship.
one problem people have when they're barbecuing is	burning the food.
one problem people have when they're barbecuing is	fire.
one problem people have when they're barbecuing is	keeping coals hot.
one problem people have when they're barbecuing is	smoke.
one problem people have when they're barbecuing is	flies.
one problem people have when they're barbecuing is	rain.
one thing country singers like to sing about is	love.
one thing country singers like to sing about is	breaking up.
one thing country singers like to sing about is	america.
one thing country singers like to sing about is	drinking.
one thing that might get ruined if it gets wet is	paper.
one thing that might get ruined if it gets wet is	clothes.
one thing that might get ruined if it gets wet is	book.
one thing that might get ruined if it gets wet is	pictures.
one thing that might get ruined if it gets wet is	computer.
one thing that might get ruined if it gets wet is	mobile phone.
one thing that might get ruined if it gets wet is	food.
one thing that might get ruined if it gets wet is	furniture.
one command people give their dogs that they might wish they could give to their teenagers is	sit.
one command people give their dogs that they might wish they could give to their teenagers is	stay.
one command people give their dogs that they might wish they could give to their teenagers is	come here.
one command people give their dogs that they might wish they could give to their teenagers is	fetch.
one command people give their dogs that they might wish they could give to their teenagers is	speak.
one command people give their dogs that they might wish they could give to their teenagers is	quiet.
one thing a really lazy guy might teach his dog to fetch for him is	beer.
one thing a really lazy guy might teach his dog to fetch for him is	remote.
one thing a really lazy guy might teach his dog to fetch for him is	newspaper.
one thing a really lazy guy might teach his dog to fetch for him is	clothes/shoes.
one thing a really lazy guy might teach his dog to fetch for him is	cigarettes.
one thing that people in the military use all the time is	uniforms.
one thing that people in the military use all the time is	combat boots.
one thing that people in the military use all the time is	helmets.
one thing that people in the military use all the time is	camouflage.
one thing that people in the military use all the time is	dog tags.
one thing people hate being interrupted while doing is	eating.
one thing people hate being interrupted while doing is	talking.
one thing people hate being interrupted while doing is	sleeping.
one thing people hate being interrupted while doing is	reading.
one thing people hate being interrupted while doing is	bathing.
one thing on her body that a woman might try to cover up is	stomach.
one thing on her body that a woman might try to cover up is	cleavage.
one thing on her body that a woman might try to cover up is	pimple.
one thing on her body that a woman might try to cover up is	tattoo.
one thing on her body that a woman might try to cover up is	mole.
one thing on her body that a woman might try to cover up is	wrinkles.
one place people go because they think it is good for them is	gym.
one place people go because they think it is good for them is	church.
one place people go because they think it is good for them is	doctors.
one place people go because they think it is good for them is	spa.
one profession that requires a lot of traveling is	sales rep.
one profession that requires a lot of traveling is	pilot.
one profession that requires a lot of traveling is	flight attendant.
one profession that requires a lot of traveling is	entertainer.
one person that people have to hire if they decide to build a house is	contractor.
one person that people have to hire if they decide to build a house is	carpenter.
one person that people have to hire if they decide to build a house is	architect.
one person that people have to hire if they decide to build a house is	electrician.
one person that people have to hire if they decide to build a house is	plumber.
one gift you might give to your partner to apologize for something you did is	flowers.
one gift you might give to your partner to apologize for something you did is	jewelry.
one gift you might give to your partner to apologize for something you did is	candy.
one gift you might give to your partner to apologize for something you did is	dinner.
one way of saying goodbye in another language other than english is	adios.
one way of saying goodbye in another language other than english is	ciao.
one way of saying goodbye in another language other than english is	au revoir.
one way of saying goodbye in another language other than english is	sayonara.
one way of saying goodbye in another language other than english is	aloha.
one thing you buy by the roll is	toilet paper.
one thing you buy by the roll is	paper towels.
one thing you buy by the roll is	tape.
one thing you buy by the roll is	bread.
one thing you buy by the roll is	wrapping paper.
one thing you buy by the roll is	film.
one thing you buy by the roll is	carpet.
one thing a couple might fight about is	money.
one thing a couple might fight about is	love life.
one thing a couple might fight about is	infidelity.
one thing a couple might fight about is	bills.
one thing a couple might fight about is	raising children.
one thing you can draw a picture with is	pencils.
one thing you can draw a picture with is	crayons.
one thing you can draw a picture with is	marker.
one thing you can draw a picture with is	paint.
one sport that is usually played in front of large crowds is	football.
one sport that is usually played in front of large crowds is	baseball.
one sport that is usually played in front of large crowds is	basketball.
one thing you sleep with in order to feel safe is	spouse.
one thing you sleep with in order to feel safe is	gun.
one thing you sleep with in order to feel safe is	stuffed animal.
one thing you sleep with in order to feel safe is	blanket.
one thing you sleep with in order to feel safe is	night light.
one movie about robots is	i robot.
one movie about robots is	robocop.
one movie about robots is	terminator.
one movie about robots is	transformers.
one movie about robots is	robots.
one movie about robots is	short circuit.
one movie about robots is	wall-e.
one reason it's good to be jennifer lopez is	"got bucks".
one reason it's good to be jennifer lopez is	"got ben".
one reason it's good to be jennifer lopez is	"got back/bod".
one reason it's good to be jennifer lopez is	"got beauty".
one thing you would put in a smoothie is	strawberry.
one thing you would put in a smoothie is	banana.
one thing you would put in a smoothie is	blueberry.
one thing you would put in a smoothie is	chocolate.
one thing you would put in a smoothie is	mango.
one movie with talking animals is	dr. dolittle.
one movie with talking animals is	madagascar.
one movie with talking animals is	babe.
one movie with talking animals is	shrek.
one movie with talking animals is	lion king.
one thing that us government spends too much money on is	wars.
one thing that us government spends too much money on is	foreign aid.
one thing that us government spends too much money on is	welfare.
one thing that us government spends too much money on is	politicians.
one thing that us government spends too much money on is	defense.
one thing grandmothers always seem to keep a supply of in their purses is	candy/gum.
one thing grandmothers always seem to keep a supply of in their purses is	tissues.
one thing grandmothers always seem to keep a supply of in their purses is	money/change.
one thing grandmothers always seem to keep a supply of in their purses is	medicine.
one thing that people get dismissed from is	school.
one thing that people get dismissed from is	jury duty/court.
one thing that people get dismissed from is	job.
one thing that people get dismissed from is	military.
one thing you would find in a tool box is	hammer.
one thing you would find in a tool box is	screwdriver.
one thing you would find in a tool box is	wrench.
one thing you would find in a tool box is	pliers.
one thing you would find in a tool box is	nails.
one sport that shouldn't be played in high school is	football.
one sport that shouldn't be played in high school is	hockey.
one sport that shouldn't be played in high school is	boxing.
one sport that shouldn't be played in high school is	wrestling.
one sport that shouldn't be played in high school is	golf.
one sport that shouldn't be played in high school is	rugby.
one actor who you think is a nice guy in real life is	brad pitt.
one actor who you think is a nice guy in real life is	tom hanks.
one actor who you think is a nice guy in real life is	denzel washington.
one actor who you think is a nice guy in real life is	matthew mcconaug....
one actor who you think is a nice guy in real life is	george clooney.
one actor who you think is a nice guy in real life is	will smith.
one thing most women hate having to do on the spur of the moment is	go out.
one thing most women hate having to do on the spur of the moment is	cook.
one thing most women hate having to do on the spur of the moment is	get dressed.
one thing most women hate having to do on the spur of the moment is	entertain guests.
one thing most women hate having to do on the spur of the moment is	go to the store.
one thing that gets frosted is	cake.
one thing that gets frosted is	windows.
one thing that gets frosted is	cookies.
one thing that gets frosted is	glass.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	shower.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	bathe.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	wade.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	swim.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	stroke.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	aquatics.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	front stroke.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	backstroke.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	breaststroke.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	butterfly.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	nap.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	snooze.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	slumber.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	sleep.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	dream.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	head scratch.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	itch head.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	scratch head.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	wash it.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	it.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	lave.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	soap.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	scrub.
one thing a man would take off his toupee to do is	clean.
one vegetable moms make their kids eat because it is good for them is	broccoli.
one vegetable moms make their kids eat because it is good for them is	spinach.
one vegetable moms make their kids eat because it is good for them is	carrots.
one vegetable moms make their kids eat because it is good for them is	beans.
one vegetable moms make their kids eat because it is good for them is	peas.
one vegetable moms make their kids eat because it is good for them is	corn.
one thing you'd find in a japanese restaurant is	sushi.
one thing you'd find in a japanese restaurant is	chopsticks.
one thing you'd find in a japanese restaurant is	fish.
one thing you'd find in a japanese restaurant is	rice.
one thing you'd find in a japanese restaurant is	wasabi.
one thing people do to relax is	watch tv.
one thing people do to relax is	read.
one thing people do to relax is	sleep.
one thing people do to relax is	bathe.
one thing people do to relax is	listen to music.
one thing people do to relax is	spa.
one thing that's found in just about every desk drawer is	pencil.
one thing that's found in just about every desk drawer is	pen.
one thing that for safety's sake, everyone should know how to do is	cpr.
one thing that for safety's sake, everyone should know how to do is	fire exit.
one thing that for safety's sake, everyone should know how to do is	swim.
one thing that for safety's sake, everyone should know how to do is	call 911.
one thing that for safety's sake, everyone should know how to do is	use seat belts.
one thing that for safety's sake, everyone should know how to do is	cook.
one thing that usually happens in september is	school begins.
one thing that usually happens in september is	labor day.
one thing that usually happens in september is	leaves turn color.
one thing that usually happens in september is	fall.
one thing that usually happens in september is	football season.
one thing you might display proudly is	university diploma.
one thing you might display proudly is	trophies.
one thing you might display proudly is	flag.
one thing you might display proudly is	wedding ring.
one thing that a really lazy guy would stick in the dishwasher to clean is	clothes.
one thing that a really lazy guy would stick in the dishwasher to clean is	silver.
one thing that a really lazy guy would stick in the dishwasher to clean is	hat.
one thing that a really lazy guy would stick in the dishwasher to clean is	toothbrush.
one thing that a really lazy guy would stick in the dishwasher to clean is	towels.
one thing that a really lazy guy would stick in the dishwasher to clean is	comb.
one holiday that people wear special colors for is	christmas.
one holiday that people wear special colors for is	st. patrick's day.
one holiday that people wear special colors for is	fourth of july.
one holiday that people wear special colors for is	easter.
one holiday that people wear special colors for is	halloween.
one famous singer who is also an actress is	barbra streisand.
one famous singer who is also an actress is	streisand.
one famous singer who is also an actress is	cher.
one famous singer who is also an actress is	dolly parton.
one famous singer who is also an actress is	parton.
one famous singer who is also an actress is	madonna.
one famous singer who is also an actress is	houston.
one famous singer who is also an actress is	whitney houston.
one activity during which people get "eaten alive" by mosquitoes is	camping.
one activity during which people get "eaten alive" by mosquitoes is	barbecue.
one activity during which people get "eaten alive" by mosquitoes is	fishing.
one activity during which people get "eaten alive" by mosquitoes is	hiking.
one activity during which people get "eaten alive" by mosquitoes is	watching fire...
one activity during which people get "eaten alive" by mosquitoes is	yard work.
one occasion when you know people will say nice things about you is	birthday.
one occasion when you know people will say nice things about you is	wedding.
one occasion when you know people will say nice things about you is	funeral.
one occasion when you know people will say nice things about you is	anniversary.
one occasion when you know people will say nice things about you is	return from war.
one occasion when you know people will say nice things about you is	graduation.
one thing you've lost weight for and as soon as it was over you pigged out is	wedding.
one thing you've lost weight for and as soon as it was over you pigged out is	school reunion.
one thing you've lost weight for and as soon as it was over you pigged out is	date.
one thing you've lost weight for and as soon as it was over you pigged out is	relationship.
one thing you've lost weight for and as soon as it was over you pigged out is	swimsuit season.
one country that is known for having rude people is	usa.
one country that is known for having rude people is	russia.
one country that is known for having rude people is	poland.
one country that is known for having rude people is	france.
one thing that makes you feel better is	children.
one thing that makes you feel better is	exercise.
one thing that makes you feel better is	laughing.
one thing that makes you feel better is	healthy foods.
one food you would avoid eating on a date is	garlic.
one food you would avoid eating on a date is	spaghetti.
one food you would avoid eating on a date is	fish.
one food you would avoid eating on a date is	chicken wings.
one thing that never lasts as long as you hope it would is	money.
one thing that never lasts as long as you hope it would is	love.
one thing that never lasts as long as you hope it would is	vacation.
one thing that never lasts as long as you hope it would is	making love.
one thing that never lasts as long as you hope it would is	food.
the worst thing a doctor could order a person to give up is	smoking.
the worst thing a doctor could order a person to give up is	unhealthy foods.
the worst thing a doctor could order a person to give up is	sex.
the worst thing a doctor could order a person to give up is	drinking alcohol.
one kind of place where men sit around and discuss sports is	bar/club.
one kind of place where men sit around and discuss sports is	home.
one kind of place where men sit around and discuss sports is	sports event.
one kind of place where men sit around and discuss sports is	barber shop.
one kind of place where men sit around and discuss sports is	work.
one kind of place where men sit around and discuss sports is	locker room/gym.
one romantic place you might go on a date is	restaurant.
one romantic place you might go on a date is	beach.
one romantic place you might go on a date is	movies.
one romantic place you might go on a date is	park.
one romantic place you might go on a date is	hawaii.
one thing on your body that moves when you jump around is	chest.
one thing on your body that moves when you jump around is	arms.
one thing on your body that moves when you jump around is	hair.
one thing on your body that moves when you jump around is	belly.
one sound kids make when they sing "old macdonald" is	oink.
one sound kids make when they sing "old macdonald" is	moo.
one sound kids make when they sing "old macdonald" is	quack.
one sound kids make when they sing "old macdonald" is	e-i-e-i-o.
one sound kids make when they sing "old macdonald" is	cluck.
one fruit commonly found in fruit salad is	grapes.
one fruit commonly found in fruit salad is	apples.
one fruit commonly found in fruit salad is	strawberries.
one fruit commonly found in fruit salad is	pineapples.
one fruit commonly found in fruit salad is	oranges.
one fruit commonly found in fruit salad is	bananas.
one activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off is	swimming.
one activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off is	running/jogging.
one activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off is	playing sports.
one activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off is	bending over.
one activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off is	skydiving.
one activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off is	drive convertible.
one activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off is	making love.
one type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket is	hotel/motel.
one type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket is	jewelry store.
one type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket is	florist.
one type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket is	restaurant.
one type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket is	lingerie/clothes.
one type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket is	bar.
one type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket is	perfume.
one thing you might buy used is	cars.
one thing you might buy used is	clothes.
one thing you might buy used is	furniture.
one thing you might buy used is	book.
one thing you might buy used is	electronics.
one thing some people don't take off when they go to bed is	underpants.
one thing some people don't take off when they go to bed is	socks.
one thing some people don't take off when they go to bed is	jewelry/watch.
one thing some people don't take off when they go to bed is	underwear.
one thing some people don't take off when they go to bed is	makeup.
one thing you see on a roulette table is	chips.
one thing you see on a roulette table is	ball.
one thing you see on a roulette table is	numbers.
one thing you see on a roulette table is	money.
one thing you see on a roulette table is	wheel.
one thing you see on a roulette table is	dice.
one thing you see on a roulette table is	cards.
one thing you eat on a bun is	hot dog.
one thing you eat on a bun is	hamburger.
one vehicle that is used by the military is	humvee.
one vehicle that is used by the military is	tank.
one vehicle that is used by the military is	jeeps.
one vehicle that is used by the military is	airplanes.
one thing a 17th century pirate might think the moon was is	cheese.
one thing a 17th century pirate might think the moon was is	star.
one thing a 17th century pirate might think the moon was is	light.
one thing a 17th century pirate might think the moon was is	god.
one thing a 17th century pirate might think the moon was is	gold.
one thing atlantic city is known for is	gambling.
one thing atlantic city is known for is	casinos.
one thing atlantic city is known for is	boardwalk.
one thing atlantic city is known for is	miss america.
one color the sky turns when the weather gets bad is	darkened.
one color the sky turns when the weather gets bad is	gray.
one color the sky turns when the weather gets bad is	black.
one color the sky turns when the weather gets bad is	green.
one color the sky turns when the weather gets bad is	dark blue.
one color the sky turns when the weather gets bad is	navy.
one color the sky turns when the weather gets bad is	blue.
one color the sky turns when the weather gets bad is	red.
one gift from their husbands that wives have to sometimes pretend to like is	clothes.
one gift from their husbands that wives have to sometimes pretend to like is	appliance.
one gift from their husbands that wives have to sometimes pretend to like is	jewelry.
one gift from their husbands that wives have to sometimes pretend to like is	flowers.
one gift from their husbands that wives have to sometimes pretend to like is	candy.
one gift from their husbands that wives have to sometimes pretend to like is	sporting goods.
one thing that hits your car and leaves a ding is	car/car door.
one thing that hits your car and leaves a ding is	shopping cart.
one thing that hits your car and leaves a ding is	stone/rock.
one thing that hits your car and leaves a ding is	bicycle.
one thing a doctor might use is	stethoscope.
one thing a doctor might use is	needle.
one thing a doctor might use is	scalpel.
one thing a doctor might use is	thermometer.
one thing a doctor might use is	tongue depressor.
one well-known frank or frankie is	frank sinatra.
one well-known frank or frankie is	frankie avalon.
one well-known frank or frankie is	frankie muniz.
one well-known frank or frankie is	frank l. wright.
one well-known frank or frankie is	frank gifford.
one thing you might do when your hair is a mess is	wear hat.
one thing you might do when your hair is a mess is	comb it.
one thing you might do when your hair is a mess is	wash it.
one thing you might do when your hair is a mess is	hairdresser.
one thing you might do when your hair is a mess is	scarf.
one thing you might do when your hair is a mess is	ponytail.
one kind of place that's known for serving really bad food is	cheap restaurant.
one kind of place that's known for serving really bad food is	hospital.
one kind of place that's known for serving really bad food is	school.
one kind of place that's known for serving really bad food is	convenience stores.
one kind of place that's known for serving really bad food is	food truck.
one kind of place that's known for serving really bad food is	prison.
one thing you should read the manual before using but most people don't is	car.
one thing you should read the manual before using but most people don't is	tv.
one thing you should read the manual before using but most people don't is	computer.
one thing you should read the manual before using but most people don't is	cell phone.
one thing you should read the manual before using but most people don't is	microwave.
one thing you should read the manual before using but most people don't is	dvd player.
one person a kid believes in that an adult doesn't is	santa.
one person a kid believes in that an adult doesn't is	easter bunny.
one person a kid believes in that an adult doesn't is	tooth fairy.
one person a kid believes in that an adult doesn't is	mickey mouse.
one thing kids must be forced to do but their parents love to do is	go to bed.
one thing kids must be forced to do but their parents love to do is	eat.
one thing kids must be forced to do but their parents love to do is	take a bath.
one thing kids must be forced to do but their parents love to do is	read a book.
one thing you would applaud is	concerts.
one thing you would applaud is	plays.
one thing you would applaud is	graduation.
one thing you would applaud is	game show.
one thing you would applaud is	speaker.
one place that has a lot of exits is	movie theater.
one place that has a lot of exits is	hospital.
one place that has a lot of exits is	shopping mall.
one place that has a lot of exits is	school.
one place that has a lot of exits is	freeway.
one animal found on an australian coin is	kangaroo.
one animal found on an australian coin is	platypus.
one animal found on an australian coin is	emu.
one animal found on an australian coin is	echidna.
one music performer who goes by one name is	madonna.
one music performer who goes by one name is	cher.
one music performer who goes by one name is	prince.
one music performer who goes by one name is	sting.
one music performer who goes by one name is	kiss.
one music performer who goes by one name is	elvis.
one thing you would give up if you were training for a marathon is	candy.
one thing you would give up if you were training for a marathon is	fast food.
one thing you would give up if you were training for a marathon is	smoking.
one thing you would give up if you were training for a marathon is	soda.
one thing you would give up if you were training for a marathon is	alcohol.
one thing pregnant women have trouble getting out of is	car.
one thing pregnant women have trouble getting out of is	bed.
one thing pregnant women have trouble getting out of is	chair.
one thing pregnant women have trouble getting out of is	clothes.
one thing pregnant women have trouble getting out of is	weight.
one thing pregnant women have trouble getting out of is	labor.
one thing pregnant women have trouble getting out of is	bathtub.
one animal whose bite can kill is	snake.
one animal whose bite can kill is	spiders.
one animal whose bite can kill is	lions.
one animal whose bite can kill is	bear.
one animal whose bite can kill is	sharks.
one thing about you peple might say was "sharp" is	wit.
one thing about you peple might say was "sharp" is	clothes.
one thing about you peple might say was "sharp" is	mind.
one thing about you peple might say was "sharp" is	personality.
one thing about you peple might say was "sharp" is	hairstyle.
one thing about you peple might say was "sharp" is	conversation.
one thing you slurp is	slurpee.
one thing you slurp is	drink.
one thing you slurp is	soup.
one thing you slurp is	milkshake.
one thing you slurp is	tea.
one country that seems to tell other countries what to do is	united states.
one country that seems to tell other countries what to do is	iraq.
one country that seems to tell other countries what to do is	france.
one country that seems to tell other countries what to do is	russia.
one thing people often buy on credit is	car.
one thing people often buy on credit is	house.
one thing people often buy on credit is	clothes.
one thing people often buy on credit is	furniture.
one thing people often buy on credit is	appliances.
one thing people often buy on credit is	gasoline.
one child star who grew up right is	neil patrick harris.
one child star who grew up right is	shirley temple.
one child star who grew up right is	hilary duff.
one child star who grew up right is	dakota fanning.
one child star who grew up right is	natalie portman.
one thing a nascar driver might do right before a race is	pray.
one thing a nascar driver might do right before a race is	check car.
one thing a nascar driver might do right before a race is	rest.
one thing a nascar driver might do right before a race is	go to bathroom.
one thing a nascar driver might do right before a race is	get focused.
one thing a nascar driver might do right before a race is	helmet/suit on.
one thing a nascar driver might do right before a race is	drink liquids.
one food you cook in a frying pan is	eggs.
one food you cook in a frying pan is	chicken.
one food you cook in a frying pan is	bacon.
one food you cook in a frying pan is	hamburgers.
one food you cook in a frying pan is	fish.
one food you cook in a frying pan is	potatoes.
one thing that people put on during the course of a day is	clothes.
one thing that people put on during the course of a day is	makeup.
one thing that people put on during the course of a day is	deodorant.
one thing that people put on during the course of a day is	a smile.
one thing that people put on during the course of a day is	glasses.
one thing that people put on during the course of a day is	weight.
one thing people often lose is	keys.
one thing people often lose is	money.
one thing people often lose is	minds.
one thing people often lose is	glove.
one thing you might keep within arms reach while on a road trip is	phone.
one thing you might keep within arms reach while on a road trip is	map.
one thing you might keep within arms reach while on a road trip is	water.
one thing you might keep within arms reach while on a road trip is	money.
one thing you might keep within arms reach while on a road trip is	purse.
one skinny breed of dog is	greyhound.
one skinny breed of dog is	chihuahua.
one skinny breed of dog is	whippet.
one skinny breed of dog is	dachshund.
one skinny breed of dog is	great dane.
one skinny breed of dog is	poodle.
one thing you might find on an island is	palm trees.
one thing you might find on an island is	coconuts.
one thing you might find on an island is	sand.
one thing you might find on an island is	treasure.
one occupation where it's important to have clean hands is	food service.
one occupation where it's important to have clean hands is	medical field.
one occupation where it's important to have clean hands is	day care.
one occupation whose members dread rainy days is	construction.
one occupation whose members dread rainy days is	mail carrier.
one occupation whose members dread rainy days is	land scaping.
one occupation whose members dread rainy days is	baseball player.
one occupation whose members dread rainy days is	sanitation worker.
the most evil disney villain is	cruella devil.
the most evil disney villain is	wicked witch.
the most evil disney villain is	captain hook.
the most evil disney villain is	scar.
the most evil disney villain is	ursula.
the most evil disney villain is	jafar.
one thing that both infants and adults find soothing is	music.
one thing that both infants and adults find soothing is	affection.
one thing that both infants and adults find soothing is	bathing.
one thing that both infants and adults find soothing is	sleeping.
one thing that both infants and adults find soothing is	milk.
one thing that both infants and adults find soothing is	rocking.
one thing you can tell the guy sitting next to you on the plane forgot to do today is	shower/wash.
one thing you can tell the guy sitting next to you on the plane forgot to do today is	brush teeth.
one thing you can tell the guy sitting next to you on the plane forgot to do today is	use deodorant.
one thing you can tell the guy sitting next to you on the plane forgot to do today is	shave.
one thing you might do while stuck in traffic is	listen to radio.
one thing you might do while stuck in traffic is	sing.
one thing you might do while stuck in traffic is	talk on the phone.
one thing you might do while stuck in traffic is	text.
one thing you might do while stuck in traffic is	read.
one thing you hate cleaning is	bathroom.
one thing you hate cleaning is	the toilet.
one thing you hate cleaning is	stove.
one thing you hate cleaning is	refrigerator.
one thing you hate cleaning is	windows.
one thing you hate cleaning is	dirty dishes.
one thing you'd hate to hit while playing golf is	another person.
one thing you'd hate to hit while playing golf is	animal.
one thing you'd hate to hit while playing golf is	car.
one thing you'd hate to hit while playing golf is	tree.
one thing you'd hate to hit while playing golf is	myself.
one thing you'd hate to hit while playing golf is	sand trap.
one food you might wash before eating (be more specific than fruit) is	apple.
one food you might wash before eating (be more specific than fruit) is	grapes.
one way you know one person is cold is	shivering.
one way you know one person is cold is	goosebumps.
one way you know one person is cold is	red face.
one way you know one person is cold is	blue lips.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with is	basketball.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with is	football.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with is	baseball.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with is	tennis ball.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with is	bowling ball.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with is	soccer ball.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with is	beach ball.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with is	ping pong ball.
one thing that happens on every david letterman show is	top ten.
one thing that happens on every david letterman show is	monologue.
one thing you might find in a freezer is	meat.
one thing you might find in a freezer is	ice.
one thing you might find in a freezer is	ice cream.
one thing you might find in a freezer is	popsicles.
one thing you might find in a freezer is	pizza.
one thing a waitress should never be without is	pen.
one thing a waitress should never be without is	pencil.
one thing a waitress should never be without is	pad.
one thing a waitress should never be without is	apron.
one thing a waitress should never be without is	her hearing.
one thing a waitress should never be without is	broom.
one thing a waitress should never be without is	car.
one thing a waitress should never be without is	comfortable shoes.
one thing you might do to win over your in-laws is	cook nice meals.
one thing you might do to win over your in-laws is	give gifts.
one thing you might do to win over your in-laws is	manners.
one thing you might do to win over your in-laws is	grandchildren.
one thing you waste is	food.
one thing you waste is	water.
one thing you waste is	time.
one thing you waste is	money.
one thing that seems to fall apart about the time you pay it off is	car.
one thing that seems to fall apart about the time you pay it off is	house.
one thing that seems to fall apart about the time you pay it off is	furniture.
one thing that seems to fall apart about the time you pay it off is	television.
one thing that seems to fall apart about the time you pay it off is	computer.
one thing that seems to fall apart about the time you pay it off is	refrigerator.
one profession that's handy to have in the family is	doctor.
one profession that's handy to have in the family is	plumber.
one profession that's handy to have in the family is	builder.
one profession that's handy to have in the family is	electrician.
one profession that's handy to have in the family is	lawyer.
one profession that's handy to have in the family is	hair dresser.
one thing a robber would hate to have happen to his car while he was inside robbing a bank is	stolen.
one thing a robber would hate to have happen to his car while he was inside robbing a bank is	towed.
one thing a robber would hate to have happen to his car while he was inside robbing a bank is	not start.
one thing a robber would hate to have happen to his car while he was inside robbing a bank is	ticketed.
one thing a robber would hate to have happen to his car while he was inside robbing a bank is	accident.
one thing a robber would hate to have happen to his car while he was inside robbing a bank is	slashed tires.
one summer vacation destination that kids never forget is	disney.
one summer vacation destination that kids never forget is	the beach.
one summer vacation destination that kids never forget is	water park.
one summer vacation destination that kids never forget is	grand canyon.
one liquid that is put into cars is	gasoline.
one liquid that is put into cars is	motor oil.
one liquid that is put into cars is	coolant.
one liquid that is put into cars is	water.
one thing that goes around the world is	plane.
one thing that goes around the world is	sun.
one thing that goes around the world is	moon.
one thing that goes around the world is	satellite.
one thing that goes around the world is	ship.
one way to prepare eggs is	scrambled.
one way to prepare eggs is	fried.
one way to prepare eggs is	hard boiled.
one way to prepare eggs is	over easy.
one way to prepare eggs is	poached eggs.
one way to prepare eggs is	sunny side up.
one thing people say when they click glasses to toast is	cheers.
one thing people say when they click glasses to toast is	congratulations.
one thing people say when they click glasses to toast is	good luck.
one thing people say when they click glasses to toast is	here's to you.
one thing people say when they click glasses to toast is	to your health.
one thing people say when they click glasses to toast is	to your success.
one thing people say when they click glasses to toast is	have a good life.
one thing you might find on a deserted island is	palmtree.
one thing you might find on a deserted island is	sand.
one thing you might find on a deserted island is	water.
one thing you might find on a deserted island is	dirt.
one thing you might find on a deserted island is	land.
one thing you might find on a deserted island is	wild animals.
one thing you might find on a deserted island is	fruit.
one thing you might find on a deserted island is	cactus.
one thing impossible to do while standing up is	sleep.
one thing impossible to do while standing up is	driving.
one thing impossible to do while standing up is	sitting.
one thing impossible to do while standing up is	sit-ups.
one thing you would do while stuck in traffic is	listen to music.
one thing you would do while stuck in traffic is	sing.
one thing you would do while stuck in traffic is	talk on the phone.
one thing you would do while stuck in traffic is	honk.
one thing you would do while stuck in traffic is	complain.
one thing you would do while stuck in traffic is	read.
one thing you would do while stuck in traffic is	yell.
one way that you can tell your dog is sick is	lays around/mopes.
one way that you can tell your dog is sick is	throws up.
one way that you can tell your dog is sick is	nose is hot/dry.
one way that you can tell your dog is sick is	won't eat.
one way that you can tell your dog is sick is	whines/yelps.
one way that you can tell your dog is sick is	coughs.
one way that you can tell your dog is sick is	doesn't bark.
one place with lots of volcanoes is	us.
one place with lots of volcanoes is	japan.
one place with lots of volcanoes is	italy.
one place with lots of volcanoes is	china.
one place with lots of volcanoes is	mexico.
one place with lots of volcanoes is	philippines.
one food that is commonly served as an appetizer is	cheese.
one food that is commonly served as an appetizer is	chicken wings.
one food that is commonly served as an appetizer is	shrimp.
one food that is commonly served as an appetizer is	chips.
one food that is commonly served as an appetizer is	salad.
one thing you eat with peanut butter is	jelly.
one thing you eat with peanut butter is	bread.
one thing you eat with peanut butter is	crackers.
one thing you eat with peanut butter is	bananas.
one thing you eat with peanut butter is	celery.
one place children are sent when they misbehave is	bedroom.
one place children are sent when they misbehave is	corner/time-out.
one place children are sent when they misbehave is	principal's office.
one place children are sent when they misbehave is	juvenile detention.
one place children are sent when they misbehave is	boarding school.
one thing with a beginning, a middle and an end is	book.
one thing with a beginning, a middle and an end is	life.
one thing with a beginning, a middle and an end is	movie.
one thing with a beginning, a middle and an end is	sentence.
one thing with a beginning, a middle and an end is	person's name.
one thing a first-time knitter makes is	scarf.
one thing a first-time knitter makes is	blanket.
one thing a first-time knitter makes is	sweater.
one thing a first-time knitter makes is	hat.
one thing a first-time knitter makes is	socks/slippers.
one thing a first-time knitter makes is	potholder.
one thing a first-time knitter makes is	mittens.
one thing you might bring on a picnic is	blanket.
one thing you might bring on a picnic is	food.
one thing you might bring on a picnic is	basket.
one thing you might bring on a picnic is	wine.
one thing that requires wind to work is	windmill.
one thing that requires wind to work is	sailboat.
one thing that requires wind to work is	kite.
one thing that requires wind to work is	vane.
one place that might have a bell is	church.
one place that might have a bell is	school.
one place that might have a bell is	stock exchange.
one place that might have a bell is	fire station.
one state whose women are known for their southern charm is	georgia.
one state whose women are known for their southern charm is	texas.
one state whose women are known for their southern charm is	alabama.
one state whose women are known for their southern charm is	south carolina.
one state whose women are known for their southern charm is	tennessee.
one state whose women are known for their southern charm is	mississippi.
one thing switzerland is famous for is	chocolate.
one thing switzerland is famous for is	alps.
one thing switzerland is famous for is	swiss cheese.
one thing switzerland is famous for is	skiing.
one thing switzerland is famous for is	watches.
one thing switzerland is famous for is	bank accounts.
one thing you eat or drink that's pink is	lemonade.
one thing you eat or drink that's pink is	grapefruit.
one thing you eat or drink that's pink is	cottoncandy.
one thing you eat or drink that's pink is	salmon.
one thing you eat or drink that's pink is	strawberries.
one thing you eat or drink that's pink is	kool-aid.
one place that offers senior citizen discounts is	restaurant.
one place that offers senior citizen discounts is	movie theater.
one place that offers senior citizen discounts is	department st...
one place that offers senior citizen discounts is	hotel.
one place that offers senior citizen discounts is	grocery store.
one place that offers senior citizen discounts is	drug store.
one place that offers senior citizen discounts is	airline.
one place that gets a lot of earthquakes is	california.
one place that gets a lot of earthquakes is	hawaii.
one place that gets a lot of earthquakes is	japan.
one place that gets a lot of earthquakes is	missouri.
one place that gets a lot of earthquakes is	india.
one place where you might lose your keys is	home.
one place where you might lose your keys is	shopping mall.
one place where you might lose your keys is	purse.
one place where you might lose your keys is	car.
one place where you might lose your keys is	bars.
one place where you might lose your keys is	beach.
one thing a new parent would hate to run out of is	diapers.
one thing a new parent would hate to run out of is	formula.
one sport that requires a glove is	baseball.
one sport that requires a glove is	cricket.
one sport that requires a glove is	boxing.
one sport that requires a glove is	golf.
one thing parents do for their children long after the children could do it themselves is	feed them.
one thing parents do for their children long after the children could do it themselves is	laundry.
one thing parents do for their children long after the children could do it themselves is	dress them.
one thing parents do for their children long after the children could do it themselves is	clean their rooms.
one thing parents do for their children long after the children could do it themselves is	pay bills.
one thing parents do for their children long after the children could do it themselves is	tie their shoes.
one thing you'd hate to be at the end of is	line.
one thing you'd hate to be at the end of is	rope.
one thing you'd hate to be at the end of is	life.
one thing you'd hate to be at the end of is	the road.
one thing you'd hate to be at the end of is	marriage.
one thing you'd hate to be at the end of is	good book.
one thing you'd hate to be at the end of is	parade.
one ride at disneyland is	space mountain.
one ride at disneyland is	teacups.
one ride at disneyland is	matterhorn bobsled.
one ride at disneyland is	small world.
one ride at disneyland is	splash mountain.
one ride at disneyland is	tower or terror.
one thing that always comes in pairs is	shoes.
one thing that always comes in pairs is	socks.
one thing that always comes in pairs is	twins.
one thing that always comes in pairs is	eyes.
one thing that always comes in pairs is	gloves.
one thing that always comes in pairs is	jeans.
one thing a man spends more money on when he's in a relationship is	eating out.
one thing a man spends more money on when he's in a relationship is	flowers.
one thing a man spends more money on when he's in a relationship is	clothes.
one thing a man spends more money on when he's in a relationship is	jewelry.
one thing a man spends more money on when he's in a relationship is	gifts.
the most famous person alive is	barack obama.
the most famous person alive is	oprah.
the most famous person alive is	bill gates.
the most famous person alive is	will smith.
the most famous person alive is	madonna.
one beauty procedure a woman wouldn't do herself is	plastic surgery.
one beauty procedure a woman wouldn't do herself is	waxing.
one part of your body that would hurt if you got sun burned is	back.
one part of your body that would hurt if you got sun burned is	face.
one part of your body that would hurt if you got sun burned is	buttocks.
one part of your body that would hurt if you got sun burned is	shoulders.
one part of your body that would hurt if you got sun burned is	legs.
one part of your body that would hurt if you got sun burned is	feet.
one thing the godfather probably consumes every day is	pasta.
one thing the godfather probably consumes every day is	wine.
one animal even an elderly person could outrun is	turtle.
one animal even an elderly person could outrun is	snail.
one animal even an elderly person could outrun is	sloth.
one animal even an elderly person could outrun is	ant.
one animal even an elderly person could outrun is	possum.
one animal even an elderly person could outrun is	monkey.
one country you would not want to live in is	afghanistan.
one country you would not want to live in is	iraq.
one country you would not want to live in is	iran.
one country you would not want to live in is	north korea.
one thing that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient is	curfew.
one thing that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient is	watching television.
one thing that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient is	dating.
one thing that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient is	bedtime.
one thing that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient is	manners.
one thing that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient is	driving.
one thing that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient is	school.
one thing people might lie about at their high school reunion is	job.
one thing people might lie about at their high school reunion is	income.
one thing people might lie about at their high school reunion is	accomplishments.
one thing people might lie about at their high school reunion is	marital status.
one thing people might lie about at their high school reunion is	age.
the season when the most crimes occur is	summer.
the season when the most crimes occur is	christmas.
the season when the most crimes occur is	winter.
the season when the most crimes occur is	fall.
one instance when a teenager would be reminded to use their head is	school/test.
one instance when a teenager would be reminded to use their head is	driving.
one instance when a teenager would be reminded to use their head is	at a party.
one instance when a teenager would be reminded to use their head is	on a date.
one instance when a teenager would be reminded to use their head is	in a fight.
one place where you need an appointment is	doctor.
one place where you need an appointment is	dentist.
one place where you need an appointment is	hair salon.
one place where you need an appointment is	mechanic.
one foreign accent that's pretty easy to imitate is	french.
one foreign accent that's pretty easy to imitate is	spanish.
one foreign accent that's pretty easy to imitate is	british.
one foreign accent that's pretty easy to imitate is	irish.
one foreign accent that's pretty easy to imitate is	jamaican.
one foreign accent that's pretty easy to imitate is	german.
one popular type of pie is	apple.
one popular type of pie is	cherry.
one popular type of pie is	sweet potato.
one popular type of pie is	pecan.
one popular type of pie is	pumpkin.
one thing you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness is	compass.
one thing you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness is	food/water.
one thing you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness is	cell phone.
one thing you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness is	matches/lighter.
one thing you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness is	knife.
one thing you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness is	gun.
one thing you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness is	flashlight.
one event for writing a speech is	wedding.
one event for writing a speech is	graduation.
one event for writing a speech is	election.
one event for writing a speech is	funeral.
one place where you'd hate to be seated near one person with an annoying laugh is	at the movies.
one place where you'd hate to be seated near one person with an annoying laugh is	on an airplane.
one place where you'd hate to be seated near one person with an annoying laugh is	at a restaurant.
one place where you'd hate to be seated near one person with an annoying laugh is	on public transit.
one place where you'd hate to be seated near one person with an annoying laugh is	at a comedy club.
one person, real or fictional, who was very greedy is	scrooge.
one person, real or fictional, who was very greedy is	trump.
one thing that "ties you down" is	having baby.
one thing that "ties you down" is	work.
one thing that "ties you down" is	significant other.
one thing that "ties you down" is	rope.
one thing that "ties you down" is	bills.
one thing that "ties you down" is	pet.
one thing that even the happiest couple bicker about is	money.
one thing that even the happiest couple bicker about is	children.
one thing that even the happiest couple bicker about is	dates.
one thing that even the happiest couple bicker about is	in-laws.
one thing that even the happiest couple bicker about is	jealousy.
one thing a woman likes a man to have plenty of is	money.
one thing a woman likes a man to have plenty of is	compassion.
one thing a woman likes a man to have plenty of is	free time.
one thing a woman likes a man to have plenty of is	muscles.
one thing a woman likes a man to have plenty of is	love.
one actor who makes big box office hits is	brad pitt.
one actor who makes big box office hits is	tom cruise.
one actor who makes big box office hits is	tom hanks.
one actor who makes big box office hits is	will smith.
one actor who makes big box office hits is	denzel washington.
one actor who makes big box office hits is	johnny depp.
one thing a woman might describe as gorgeous is	person.
one thing a woman might describe as gorgeous is	clothes.
one thing a woman might describe as gorgeous is	jewelry.
one thing a woman might describe as gorgeous is	hair.
one thing a woman might describe as gorgeous is	house.
one thing a woman might describe as gorgeous is	flowers.
one thing people might forget to pack when they are going on a long trip is	toothbrush.
one thing people might forget to pack when they are going on a long trip is	toothpaste.
one thing people might forget to pack when they are going on a long trip is	underwear.
one thing people might forget to pack when they are going on a long trip is	medicine.
one thing people might forget to pack when they are going on a long trip is	camera.
one thing people might forget to pack when they are going on a long trip is	razor.
one thing dogs do a lot of during the dog days of summer is	sleep.
one thing dogs do a lot of during the dog days of summer is	pant.
one thing dogs do a lot of during the dog days of summer is	drink water.
one thing dogs do a lot of during the dog days of summer is	shed fur.
one country you would not like to live in is	afghanistan.
one country you would not like to live in is	iraq.
one country you would not like to live in is	iran.
one country you would not like to live in is	north korea.
one thing a parent would not want their kid doing in his school picture is	frowning.
one thing a parent would not want their kid doing in his school picture is	picking his nose.
one thing a parent would not want their kid doing in his school picture is	crying.
one thing a parent would not want their kid doing in his school picture is	making a funny face.
one thing a parent would not want their kid doing in his school picture is	sticking out tongue.
one thing a parent would not want their kid doing in his school picture is	blinking.
one thing a horse jumps over is	fence.
one thing a horse jumps over is	hurdle.
one thing a horse jumps over is	jump.
one thing a horse jumps over is	water.
one thing a horse jumps over is	trees.
one thing a horse jumps over is	hedge.
one household chore that is literally a four-letter word is	dust.
one household chore that is literally a four-letter word is	wash.
one household chore that is literally a four-letter word is	cook.
one household chore that is literally a four-letter word is	iron.
one rock band from the 1970s is	queen.
one rock band from the 1970s is	kiss.
one rock band from the 1970s is	the rolling stones.
one rock band from the 1970s is	led zeppelin.
one job that doesn't allow you to be very creative is	police officer.
one job that doesn't allow you to be very creative is	accountant.
one job that doesn't allow you to be very creative is	secretary.
one job that doesn't allow you to be very creative is	fast food worker.
one job that doesn't allow you to be very creative is	cashier.
one thing people have two of is	eyes.
one thing people have two of is	hands.
one thing people have two of is	feet.
one thing people have two of is	shoes.
one thing people have two of is	ears.
one thing people have two of is	legs.
one occupation that has a lot of "quacks" is	doctor.
one occupation that has a lot of "quacks" is	zookeeper.
one occupation that has a lot of "quacks" is	lawyer.
one occupation that has a lot of "quacks" is	politician.
one occupation that has a lot of "quacks" is	fortune teller.
one occupation that has a lot of "quacks" is	car dealers.
one thing people might not want because it is too much responsibility is	children.
one thing people might not want because it is too much responsibility is	pets.
one thing that gives a woman support is	bra.
one thing that gives a woman support is	friend.
one thing that gives a woman support is	husband.
one thing that gives a woman support is	pantyhose.
one thing that gives a woman support is	girdle.
one city that has a popular song written about it is	new york.
one city that has a popular song written about it is	san francisco.
one city that has a popular song written about it is	chicago.
one city that has a popular song written about it is	los angeles.
one thing guys like to shoot is	guns/target.
one thing guys like to shoot is	animals/birds.
one thing guys like to shoot is	pool.
one thing guys like to shoot is	basketball/hoops.
one thing guys like to shoot is	the breeze.
one place elderly singles meet is	church.
one place elderly singles meet is	senior center.
one place elderly singles meet is	bingo.
one place elderly singles meet is	park.
one place elderly singles meet is	retirement home.
one place elderly singles meet is	dance hall.
one thing great about being an adult is	freedom.
one thing great about being an adult is	no curfew.
one thing great about being an adult is	allowed to drink.
one thing great about being an adult is	make decisions.
one thing great about being an adult is	driving.
one thing great about being an adult is	making money.
one job where networking is key is	sales.
one job where networking is key is	lawyer.
one job where networking is key is	realtor.
one job where networking is key is	finance.
one job where networking is key is	politician.
one thing that has a speaker is	stereo.
one thing that has a speaker is	radio.
one thing that has a speaker is	computer.
one thing that has a speaker is	television.
one thing that has a speaker is	car.
one thing that has a speaker is	phone.
one thing that has a speaker is	congress.
one creature that's known for carrying diseases is	rat.
one creature that's known for carrying diseases is	mosquito.
one creature that's known for carrying diseases is	monkey.
one creature that's known for carrying diseases is	fly.
one creature that's known for carrying diseases is	dog.
one creature that's known for carrying diseases is	rabbit.
one section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read is	classified ads.
one section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read is	business.
one section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read is	sports.
one section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read is	comics.
one section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read is	editorials.
one section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read is	travel.
one section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read is	obituaries.
one thing you might see at a grocery check out counter is	magazines.
one thing you might see at a grocery check out counter is	cash register.
one thing you might see at a grocery check out counter is	candy.
one thing you might see at a grocery check out counter is	clerk.
one thing you might see at a grocery check out counter is	paper bags.
one thing you might see at a grocery check out counter is	scales.
one major league football or baseball team named after an animal is	chicago bears.
one major league football or baseball team named after an animal is	detroit tigers.
one major league football or baseball team named after an animal is	los angeles rams.
one major league football or baseball team named after an animal is	st louis cardinals.
one major league football or baseball team named after an animal is	chicago cubs.
one major league football or baseball team named after an animal is	cincinnati bengals.
one major league football or baseball team named after an animal is	detroit lions.
one major league football or baseball team named after an animal is	indianapolis colts.
one major league football or baseball team named after an animal is	denver broncos.
one major league football or baseball team named after an animal is	baltimore orioles.
one major league football or baseball team named after an animal is	seattle seahawks.
one sport in which men can play on the same team with women is	volleyball.
one sport in which men can play on the same team with women is	tennis.
one sport in which men can play on the same team with women is	bowling.
one sport in which men can play on the same team with women is	softball.
one circus animal that would be much happier living in the jungle is	tiger.
one circus animal that would be much happier living in the jungle is	elephant.
one circus animal that would be much happier living in the jungle is	lion.
one circus animal that would be much happier living in the jungle is	monkey/ape.
one thing a ken doll has that the average guy probably wishes he had too is	barbie.
one thing a ken doll has that the average guy probably wishes he had too is	muscles.
one thing a ken doll has that the average guy probably wishes he had too is	convertible.
one thing a ken doll has that the average guy probably wishes he had too is	handsome.
one thing a ken doll has that the average guy probably wishes he had too is	hair.
one thing a ken doll has that the average guy probably wishes he had too is	tan.
one thing a good life is chock-full of is	love.
one thing a good life is chock-full of is	happiness.
one thing a good life is chock-full of is	money.
one thing a good life is chock-full of is	fun.
one thing a good life is chock-full of is	laughter.
one thing a good life is chock-full of is	family.
one occupation in which you're likely to come home physically exhausted is	construction.
one occupation in which you're likely to come home physically exhausted is	pro athlete.
one occupation in which you're likely to come home physically exhausted is	waitress.
one occupation in which you're likely to come home physically exhausted is	exercise trainer.
one occupation in which you're likely to come home physically exhausted is	ditch digger.
one occupation in which you're likely to come home physically exhausted is	fisherman.
one thing people buy that is scented is	perfume.
one thing people buy that is scented is	candles.
one thing people buy that is scented is	air freshener.
one thing people buy that is scented is	soap.
one thing people buy that is scented is	deodorant.
one thing people buy that is scented is	flowers.
one person who might call you by a childhood nickname even after you've outgrown it is	parent.
one person who might call you by a childhood nickname even after you've outgrown it is	old friend.
one person who might call you by a childhood nickname even after you've outgrown it is	grandparent.
one person who might call you by a childhood nickname even after you've outgrown it is	sibling.
one thing people often open their mouth to do is	talk/yell.
one thing people often open their mouth to do is	eat/drink.
one thing people often open their mouth to do is	yawn.
one thing people often open their mouth to do is	sing.
one thing people often open their mouth to do is	dental work/clean.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	laundry soap.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	soap.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	detergent.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	dog food.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	licorice.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	suckers.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	sweets.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	candy.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	bonbons.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	lollipops.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	pet food.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	alpo.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	kibble.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	food.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	conditioner.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	shampoo.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	dentifrice.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	toothpaste.
one item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of is	dish soap.
one thing that kids who are home schooled would have a hard time getting used to in public school is	classmates.
one thing that kids who are home schooled would have a hard time getting used to in public school is	different teachers.
one thing that kids who are home schooled would have a hard time getting used to in public school is	cafeteria food.
one thing that kids who are home schooled would have a hard time getting used to in public school is	bells/schedules.
one thing that kids who are home schooled would have a hard time getting used to in public school is	gym class.
the loudest animal at the zoo is	lion.
the loudest animal at the zoo is	elephant.
the loudest animal at the zoo is	monkey.
the loudest animal at the zoo is	tiger.
one thing that a bank uses for security against crime is	cameras.
one thing that a bank uses for security against crime is	alarm system.
one thing that a bank uses for security against crime is	guard.
one thing that a bank uses for security against crime is	vault.
one thing you might scratch is	head.
one thing you might scratch is	your back.
one thing you might scratch is	lottery tickets.
one thing you might scratch is	bug bites.
one thing you might scratch is	buttocks.
one thing you might scratch is	car.
the top movies billy crystal is best known for is	harry met sally.
the top movies billy crystal is best known for is	city slickers.
the top movies billy crystal is best known for is	princess bride.
the top movies billy crystal is best known for is	monster inc..
the top movies billy crystal is best known for is	throw mama from the train.
the top movies billy crystal is best known for is	analyze this.
one thing everyone complains about is	weather.
one thing everyone complains about is	work.
one thing everyone complains about is	money.
one thing everyone complains about is	bills.
one thing everyone complains about is	taxes.
one thing everyone complains about is	traffic.
one thing everyone complains about is	gas prices.
one animal that people use for transportation is	horse.
one animal that people use for transportation is	camel.
one animal that people use for transportation is	dog.
one animal that people use for transportation is	elephant.
one thing trivial people fight over is	money.
one thing trivial people fight over is	being right.
one thing trivial people fight over is	what to eat.
one thing trivial people fight over is	parking.
one thing a man owns that he doesn't like his wife to use is	his razor.
one thing a man owns that he doesn't like his wife to use is	his car/truck.
one thing a man owns that he doesn't like his wife to use is	his tools.
one thing a man owns that he doesn't like his wife to use is	his underwear.
one medical condition that ends in "itis" is	arthritis.
one medical condition that ends in "itis" is	laryngitis.
one medical condition that ends in "itis" is	tonsillitis.
one medical condition that ends in "itis" is	appendicitis.
one medical condition that ends in "itis" is	bronchitis.
one medical condition that ends in "itis" is	tendinitis.
one sport that is played during the fall is	football.
one sport that is played during the fall is	hockey.
one sport that is played during the fall is	basketball.
one form of transportation that makes very little noise is	bike.
one form of transportation that makes very little noise is	car.
one form of transportation that makes very little noise is	airplane.
one form of transportation that makes very little noise is	walking.
one form of transportation that makes very little noise is	monorail.
one strong woman who scares men is	hillary clinton.
one strong woman who scares men is	oprah winfrey.
one strong woman who scares men is	xena.
one strong woman who scares men is	chyna.
one strong woman who scares men is	wonder woman.
one strong woman who scares men is	queen latifah.
one thing that comes in packs of six or twelve is	soda.
one thing that comes in packs of six or twelve is	beer.
one thing that comes in packs of six or twelve is	eggs.
one thing that comes in packs of six or twelve is	hot dogs.
one thing that comes in packs of six or twelve is	toilet tissue.
one thing that comes in packs of six or twelve is	gum.
one thing that comes in packs of six or twelve is	donuts.
one thing that is an oldie but goodie is	music.
one thing that is an oldie but goodie is	car.
one thing that is an oldie but goodie is	movies.
one thing people might display in their living rooms is	pictures.
one thing people might display in their living rooms is	a television.
one thing people might display in their living rooms is	artwork.
one thing people might display in their living rooms is	trophies.
one pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun is	fish.
one pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun is	reptile.
one pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun is	bird.
one pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun is	cat.
one pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun is	rat.
one pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun is	hermit crab.
one pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun is	dog.
one pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun is	pet rock.
one professional athlete involved in a scandal is	alex rodriguez.
one professional athlete involved in a scandal is	kobe bryant.
one professional athlete involved in a scandal is	oj simpson.
one professional athlete involved in a scandal is	tiger woods.
one thing you own that you talk to as if it were a person is	pets.
one thing you own that you talk to as if it were a person is	plants.
one thing you own that you talk to as if it were a person is	car.
one thing you own that you talk to as if it were a person is	television.
one thing people can inherit genetically from their parents is	eye color.
one thing people can inherit genetically from their parents is	hair color.
one thing people can inherit genetically from their parents is	height.
one thing people can inherit genetically from their parents is	nose.
one thing people can inherit genetically from their parents is	heart problems.
one thing people can inherit genetically from their parents is	baldness.
one thing people can inherit genetically from their parents is	skin color.
one thing a childless couple does more than a couple with kids is	travelling.
one thing a childless couple does more than a couple with kids is	going out.
one thing a childless couple does more than a couple with kids is	eat out.
one thing a childless couple does more than a couple with kids is	relax.
one thing a childless couple does more than a couple with kids is	shopping.
one video game console is	xbox.
one video game console is	playstation.
one video game console is	wii.
one video game console is	sega genesis.
one video game console is	atari.
one thing that can be framed is	photo.
one thing that can be framed is	painting.
one good job for the smartest person in the world is	president.
one good job for the smartest person in the world is	scientist.
one good job for the smartest person in the world is	doctor.
one good job for the smartest person in the world is	teacher.
one good job for the smartest person in the world is	computer.
one thing people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride is	throw up.
one thing people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride is	get dizzy.
one thing people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride is	sit down.
one thing people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride is	laugh.
one thing people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride is	back in line.
one thing people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride is	take a deep breath.
one thing people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride is	go to bathroom.
one thing a man might have expensive taste in is	cologne.
one thing a man might have expensive taste in is	car.
one thing a man might have expensive taste in is	clothes/shoes.
one thing a man might have expensive taste in is	jewelry/watch.
one thing a man might have expensive taste in is	wine/alcohol.
one thing a man might have expensive taste in is	cigars.
one thing you'd do if you were stuck in a plane on the runway for ten hours is	read.
one thing you'd do if you were stuck in a plane on the runway for ten hours is	sleep.
one thing you'd do if you were stuck in a plane on the runway for ten hours is	get upset.
one thing you'd do if you were stuck in a plane on the runway for ten hours is	internet.
one thing you'd do if you were stuck in a plane on the runway for ten hours is	listen to music.
one thing you'd do if you were stuck in a plane on the runway for ten hours is	watch a dvd.
one exotic animal you would like to eat is	snake.
one exotic animal you would like to eat is	tiger.
one exotic animal you would like to eat is	alligator.
one exotic animal you would like to eat is	monkey.
one exotic animal you would like to eat is	zebras.
one exotic animal you would like to eat is	ostrich.
one breakfast cereal that adults hate but children don't is	raisin bran.
one breakfast cereal that adults hate but children don't is	cheerios.
one breakfast cereal that adults hate but children don't is	wheaties.
one breakfast cereal that adults hate but children don't is	corn flakes.
one breakfast cereal that adults hate but children don't is	special k.
your one possession that gives you the most hours of enjoyment is	tv.
your one possession that gives you the most hours of enjoyment is	kids.
your one possession that gives you the most hours of enjoyment is	book.
your one possession that gives you the most hours of enjoyment is	computer.
your one possession that gives you the most hours of enjoyment is	drumset.
one reason you might get sweaty is	exercise.
one reason you might get sweaty is	spicy food.
one reason you might get sweaty is	too hot.
one reason you might get sweaty is	nervous.
one profession that usually has more females than males is	nursing.
one profession that usually has more females than males is	teacher.
one profession that usually has more females than males is	maid.
one profession that usually has more females than males is	hairdresser.
one thing you buy that has to be weighed first is	fruit.
one thing you buy that has to be weighed first is	meat.
one thing you buy that has to be weighed first is	vetetables.
one thing you buy that has to be weighed first is	fish.
one thing you buy that has to be weighed first is	cheese.
one thing from childhood that people hate to sell or give away is	toys/dolls.
one thing from childhood that people hate to sell or give away is	clothes.
one thing from childhood that people hate to sell or give away is	blanket.
one thing from childhood that people hate to sell or give away is	baseball cards.
one occupation of one person who might be called to the scene of an accident is	police.
one occupation of one person who might be called to the scene of an accident is	emt/paramedic.
one occupation of one person who might be called to the scene of an accident is	firefighters.
one occupation of one person who might be called to the scene of an accident is	insurance company.
one thing you might do on father's day is	cook nice meals.
one thing you might do on father's day is	barbecue.
one thing you might do on father's day is	go out to eat.
one thing you might do on father's day is	buy a card.
one thing that's really, really hairy is	ape.
one thing that's really, really hairy is	dog.
one thing that's really, really hairy is	human.
one thing that's really, really hairy is	cat.
one thing that's really, really hairy is	bear.
one thing that's really, really hairy is	skunk.
one country known for its ancient ruins is	egypt.
one country known for its ancient ruins is	italy.
one country known for its ancient ruins is	greece.
one country known for its ancient ruins is	china.
one country known for its ancient ruins is	mexico.
one professional athlete with a bad reputation is	dennis rodman.
one professional athlete with a bad reputation is	michael vick.
one professional athlete with a bad reputation is	mike tyson.
one professional athlete with a bad reputation is	oj simpson.
one professional athlete with a bad reputation is	lance armstrong.
one professional athlete with a bad reputation is	tiger woods.
one thing that has flippers is	dolphin.
one thing that has flippers is	seal.
one thing that has flippers is	scuba diver.
one thing that has flippers is	pinball machine.
one thing that has flippers is	whale.
one thing that has flippers is	fish.
one place men go only because women make them is	shopping/mall.
one place men go only because women make them is	church.
one place men go only because women make them is	doctor.
one place men go only because women make them is	family/in-laws.
one place men go only because women make them is	wedding.
one place men go only because women make them is	theater/musical.
one organization you might join for the summer is	ymca.
one organization you might join for the summer is	summer camp.
one organization you might join for the summer is	swim team.
one organization you might join for the summer is	boy scouts.
one organization you might join for the summer is	little league.
one thing you might go without when you're trying to save money is	going/eating out.
one thing you might go without when you're trying to save money is	clothes/shoes.
one thing you might go without when you're trying to save money is	cigarettes.
one thing you might go without when you're trying to save money is	beer/cocktails.
one thing you might go without when you're trying to save money is	sweets/ice cream.
one thing you might go without when you're trying to save money is	cable tv.
one thing you might go without when you're trying to save money is	travel/vacation.
one thing most kids know about thanksgiving is	turkey.
one thing most kids know about thanksgiving is	pilgrims/indians.
one thing most kids know about thanksgiving is	in november.
one thing you might find under your bed when you clean is	clothes.
one thing you might find under your bed when you clean is	dust.
one thing you might find under your bed when you clean is	shoes.
one thing you might find under your bed when you clean is	book.
one flower or plant that can also be a woman's name is	rose.
one flower or plant that can also be a woman's name is	lily.
one flower or plant that can also be a woman's name is	daisy.
one flower or plant that can also be a woman's name is	poppy.
one flower or plant that can also be a woman's name is	violet.
one meal that everyone knows how to make is	pasta.
one meal that everyone knows how to make is	eggs.
one meal that everyone knows how to make is	hot dog.
one meal that everyone knows how to make is	hamburger.
one actor who would make a terrible action star is	jim carrey.
one actor who would make a terrible action star is	tom hanks.
one actor who would make a terrible action star is	robin williams.
one actor who would make a terrible action star is	betty white.
one actor who would make a terrible action star is	adam sandler.
one food you might serve with champagne is	caviar.
one food you might serve with champagne is	strawberries.
one food you might serve with champagne is	cheese.
one food you might serve with champagne is	steak.
one food you might serve with champagne is	lobster.
one food you might serve with champagne is	pasta.
one food you might serve with champagne is	duck.
one famous cop from tv or movies is	robocop.
one famous cop from tv or movies is	frank poncherello.
one famous cop from tv or movies is	dirtry harry.
one famous cop from tv or movies is	baretta.
one famous cop from tv or movies is	kojak.
one famous cop from tv or movies is	magnum pi.
one place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving is	grocery stores.
one place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving is	bank.
one place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving is	discount store.
one place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving is	dmv.
one place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving is	amusement park.
one place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving is	post office.
one place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving is	traffic jams.
one place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving is	public restroom.
one place that might have a waiting list is	restaurant.
one place that might have a waiting list is	hospital.
one event where you might find ticket scalpers is	concert.
one event where you might find ticket scalpers is	basketball.
one event where you might find ticket scalpers is	baseball.
one event where you might find ticket scalpers is	fastball.
one event where you might find ticket scalpers is	hockey.
one event where you might find ticket scalpers is	race track.
one thing kids complain about at summer camp is	bugs.
one thing kids complain about at summer camp is	food.
one thing kids complain about at summer camp is	homesick.
one thing kids complain about at summer camp is	weather.
one thing kids complain about at summer camp is	boredom.
one place where you'd be mortified if your cell phone rung is	church.
one place where you'd be mortified if your cell phone rung is	funeral.
one place where you'd be mortified if your cell phone rung is	movies.
one place where you'd be mortified if your cell phone rung is	wedding.
one place where you'd be mortified if your cell phone rung is	job interview.
one thing you put mustard on is	hot dog.
one thing you put mustard on is	meat.
one thing you put mustard on is	sandwich.
one thing you put mustard on is	bread.
one public place you might hear one person snoring is	bus/bus station.
one public place you might hear one person snoring is	park.
one public place you might hear one person snoring is	movie/theater.
one public place you might hear one person snoring is	train/subway.
one public place you might hear one person snoring is	church.
the second most important person in the bible is	jesus.
the second most important person in the bible is	moses.
the second most important person in the bible is	mary.
the second most important person in the bible is	abraham.
the second most important person in the bible is	john.
the second most important person in the bible is	eve.
the second most important person in the bible is	adam.
one thing people have to run to catch is	bus.
one thing people have to run to catch is	pet.
one thing you see at an afternoon tea is	scones.
one thing you see at an afternoon tea is	cakes.
one thing you see at an afternoon tea is	tea.
one thing you see at an afternoon tea is	biscuits.
one thing you see at an afternoon tea is	people.
one thing you can do while riding in a motor home that you can't do in a car is	use bathroom.
one thing you can do while riding in a motor home that you can't do in a car is	sleep.
one thing you can do while riding in a motor home that you can't do in a car is	cook.
one thing you can do while riding in a motor home that you can't do in a car is	watch tv.
one thing you can do while riding in a motor home that you can't do in a car is	play cards.
one thing you get on from time to time is	airplane.
one thing you get on from time to time is	bus.
one thing you get on from time to time is	bicycle.
one thing you get on from time to time is	scale.
one thing you get on from time to time is	high horse.
one thing you get on from time to time is	subway.
one thing you get on from time to time is	diet.
one thing you get on from time to time is	computer.
one way one person might travel across the country is	airplane.
one way one person might travel across the country is	train.
one way one person might travel across the country is	car.
one way one person might travel across the country is	bus.
one way one person might travel across the country is	hot air balloon.
one thing people say keeps you going is	children.
one thing people say keeps you going is	exercise.
one thing people say keeps you going is	laughing.
one thing people say keeps you going is	healthy foods.
one thing santa asks children when they sit on his lap is	been good.
one thing santa asks children when they sit on his lap is	what they want.
one celebrity who probably had plastic surgery is	michael jackson.
one celebrity who probably had plastic surgery is	cher.
one celebrity who probably had plastic surgery is	phyllis diller.
one celebrity who probably had plastic surgery is	pamela anderson.
one celebrity who probably had plastic surgery is	elizabeth taylor.
one celebrity who probably had plastic surgery is	joan rivers.
one thing in a divorce settlement that can't be divided in half is	child.
one thing in a divorce settlement that can't be divided in half is	house.
one thing in a divorce settlement that can't be divided in half is	pet.
one thing in a divorce settlement that can't be divided in half is	car.
one thing that people think is lucky is	four leaf clover.
one thing that people think is lucky is	rabbit's foot.
one thing that people think is lucky is	horsehoe.
one thing that people think is lucky is	penny.
one thing you'd do at a ski resort if you had a broken leg is	coffee.
one thing you'd do at a ski resort if you had a broken leg is	sit by fire.
one thing you'd do at a ski resort if you had a broken leg is	read.
one thing you'd do at a ski resort if you had a broken leg is	people watch.
one thing you'd do at a ski resort if you had a broken leg is	sleep.
one thing you'd do at a ski resort if you had a broken leg is	cry.
one state where 100-degree temperatures are common is	arizona.
one state where 100-degree temperatures are common is	florida.
one state where 100-degree temperatures are common is	nevada.
one state where 100-degree temperatures are common is	texas.
one state where 100-degree temperatures are common is	california.
one thing you don't like to share, even with your spouse is	food/drink.
one thing you don't like to share, even with your spouse is	money.
one thing you don't like to share, even with your spouse is	toothbrush.
one thing you don't like to share, even with your spouse is	car.
one thing you don't like to share, even with your spouse is	bathroom/toilet.
one thing you don't like to share, even with your spouse is	secrets/past.
one thing a prom queen might save as a memento is	crown.
one thing a prom queen might save as a memento is	corsage.
one thing a prom queen might save as a memento is	dress.
one thing a prom queen might save as a memento is	pictures.
one thing a prom queen might save as a memento is	flowers.
one thing you pluck is	eyebrows.
one thing you pluck is	chicken.
one thing you pluck is	hair.
one thing you pluck is	duck.
one candy bar with peanuts in it is	snickers.
one candy bar with peanuts in it is	pay day.
one candy bar with peanuts in it is	mounds.
one candy bar with peanuts in it is	reese's.
one candy bar with peanuts in it is	nutrageous.
one occasion when people take a lot of pictures is	wedding.
one occasion when people take a lot of pictures is	vacation.
one occasion when people take a lot of pictures is	christmas.
one occasion when people take a lot of pictures is	birth of child.
one occasion when people take a lot of pictures is	reunion.
one occasion when people take a lot of pictures is	birthday.
the doctor that people see most often is	dentist.
the doctor that people see most often is	family doctor.
the doctor that people see most often is	eye doctor.
the doctor that people see most often is	obgyn.
one thing that might take a nosedive is	stocks.
one thing that might take a nosedive is	airplane.
one thing that might take a nosedive is	bird.
one thing that might take a nosedive is	boxer.
one thing a man might charge on a credit card that would make his wife suspect he's cheating on her is	hotel/motel.
one thing a man might charge on a credit card that would make his wife suspect he's cheating on her is	lingerie/clothes.
one thing a man might charge on a credit card that would make his wife suspect he's cheating on her is	jewelry.
one thing a man might charge on a credit card that would make his wife suspect he's cheating on her is	flowers.
one thing a man might charge on a credit card that would make his wife suspect he's cheating on her is	perfume.
one occupation where a person carries some kind of a bag on the job is	mail carrier.
one occupation where a person carries some kind of a bag on the job is	salesperson.
one occupation where a person carries some kind of a bag on the job is	doctor.
one occupation where a person carries some kind of a bag on the job is	lawyer.
one thing people let pile up is	laundry/ironing.
one thing people let pile up is	dishes.
one thing people let pile up is	mail/correspond..
one thing people let pile up is	bills.
one place where you see husbands standing around waiting for their wives is	mall.
one place where you see husbands standing around waiting for their wives is	store.
one place where you see husbands standing around waiting for their wives is	public restroom.
one place where you see husbands standing around waiting for their wives is	beauty shop.
one place where you see husbands standing around waiting for their wives is	doctors office.
one place where you see husbands standing around waiting for their wives is	dressing room.
one food you might eat on a stick is	corn dog.
one food you might eat on a stick is	popsicle.
one food you might eat on a stick is	chicken.
one food you might eat on a stick is	shish kebab.
one food you might eat on a stick is	candy apple.
one thing specific that some women wear and some don't is	bra.
one thing specific that some women wear and some don't is	makeup.
one thing specific that some women wear and some don't is	underwear/panties.
one thing specific that some women wear and some don't is	hat.
one thing specific that some women wear and some don't is	skirt.
one thing specific that some women wear and some don't is	girdle.
one thing specific that some women wear and some don't is	high heels.
one reason a teacher might suspect a sick note was written by the student and not the parent is	handwriting.
one reason a teacher might suspect a sick note was written by the student and not the parent is	spelling.
one thing you can no longer carry on to a plane is	liquids.
one thing you can no longer carry on to a plane is	scissors.
one thing you can no longer carry on to a plane is	knives.
one thing you can no longer carry on to a plane is	nail clippers.
one thing you can no longer carry on to a plane is	cosmetics.
one thing you can no longer carry on to a plane is	guns.
one thing a woman wears when she's feeling fat is	girdle.
one thing a woman wears when she's feeling fat is	sweats.
one thing a woman wears when she's feeling fat is	big shirt.
one thing a woman wears when she's feeling fat is	black clothes.
one thing a woman wears when she's feeling fat is	muumuu.
one thing people walk out on is	a movie.
one thing people walk out on is	a relationship.
one thing people walk out on is	an argument.
one thing people walk out on is	a deck.
one sporting event that only happens once a year is	superbowl.
one sporting event that only happens once a year is	olympics.
one sporting event that only happens once a year is	world series.
one sporting event that only happens once a year is	grand prix.
one sporting event that only happens once a year is	stanley cup.
one sporting event that only happens once a year is	wimpledon.
one reason why it would be fun to live in a big city is	nightlife.
one reason why it would be fun to live in a big city is	people.
one reason why it would be fun to live in a big city is	shopping.
one reason why it would be fun to live in a big city is	entertainment.
one reason why it would be fun to live in a big city is	jobs.
one bird with a color in its name is	bluebird.
one bird with a color in its name is	bluejay.
one bird with a color in its name is	red-breasted....
one bird with a color in its name is	yellowbird.
one animal that bites is	dog.
one animal that bites is	rat.
one animal that bites is	mosquito.
one animal that bites is	snakes.
one animal that bites is	sharks.
one animal that bites is	tiger.
one animal that bites is	cat.
one animal that bites is	lion.
one thing that you can find in the sky that god did not put there is	planes.
one thing that you can find in the sky that god did not put there is	satellites.
one thing that you can find in the sky that god did not put there is	smog.
one thing that you can find in the sky that god did not put there is	hot air balloons.
one thing that you can find in the sky that god did not put there is	skyscrapers.
one thing that you can find in the sky that god did not put there is	sky divers.
one thing you might see at an airport is	airplanes.
one thing you might see at an airport is	luggage.
one thing you might see at an airport is	shops.
one thing you might see at an airport is	security.
one type of machine that requires coins is	vending machine.
one type of machine that requires coins is	slot machine.
one type of machine that requires coins is	payphone.
one type of machine that requires coins is	washer.
one type of machine that requires coins is	parking meter.
one movie about a bride is	runaway bride.
one movie about a bride is	father of the bride.
one movie about a bride is	princess bride.
one movie about a bride is	bride of frank.
one movie about a bride is	bestfriends with the bride.
one movie about a bride is	seven brides.
one thing that facebook makes it easier to do is	chat/communicate.
one thing that facebook makes it easier to do is	find/spy on people.
one thing that facebook makes it easier to do is	share photos.
one thing that facebook makes it easier to do is	play games.
one thing you might see at buckingham palace is	queen elizabeth.
one thing you might see at buckingham palace is	guard.
one thing you might see at buckingham palace is	flowers.
one thing you might see at buckingham palace is	carriage.
one thing a lazy person might train their dog to fetch for them is	remote control.
one thing a lazy person might train their dog to fetch for them is	slippers.
one thing a lazy person might train their dog to fetch for them is	newspapers.
one thing a lazy person might train their dog to fetch for them is	beer.
one thing that happens in the royal family that usually makes the news is	affairs/scandals.
one thing that happens in the royal family that usually makes the news is	weddings.
one thing that happens in the royal family that usually makes the news is	deaths/funerals.
one thing that happens in the royal family that usually makes the news is	family feuds.
one thing that happens in the royal family that usually makes the news is	births.
one fantasy job you'd want in the old west is	sheriff/marshal.
one fantasy job you'd want in the old west is	bartender.
one fantasy job you'd want in the old west is	saloon gal/dancer.
one fantasy job you'd want in the old west is	cowboy/cowgirl.
one fantasy job you'd want in the old west is	stagecoach driver.
one fantasy job you'd want in the old west is	outlaw.
one animal that mates for life is	penguin.
one animal that mates for life is	wolf.
one animal that mates for life is	goose.
one animal that mates for life is	dove.
one animal that mates for life is	monkey.
one animal that mates for life is	lion.
one sport where the players wear gloves is	boxing.
one sport where the players wear gloves is	cricket.
one sport where the players wear gloves is	baseball.
one sport where the players wear gloves is	golf.
one sport where the players wear gloves is	football.
one adult that a child might know by name other than parents or relatives is	teacher.
one adult that a child might know by name other than parents or relatives is	babysitter.
one adult that a child might know by name other than parents or relatives is	neighbor.
one adult that a child might know by name other than parents or relatives is	celebrity.
one adult that a child might know by name other than parents or relatives is	doctor.
one power tool is	drill.
one power tool is	circular saw.
one power tool is	jigsaw.
one power tool is	chainsaw.
one power tool is	scroll saw.
one power tool is	table saw.
one event that wives get more excited about than their husbands is	wedding.
one event that wives get more excited about than their husbands is	sale.
one event that wives get more excited about than their husbands is	valentine's day.
one event that wives get more excited about than their husbands is	mother's day.
one event that wives get more excited about than their husbands is	anniversary.
one city that's famous for music is	nashville.
one city that's famous for music is	new york.
one city that's famous for music is	detroit.
one city that's famous for music is	new orleans.
one city that's famous for music is	vienna, austria.
one city that's famous for music is	atlanta.
one city that's famous for music is	los angeles.
the coldest room in the house is	bedroom.
the coldest room in the house is	bathroom.
the coldest room in the house is	basement.
the coldest room in the house is	living room.
the coldest room in the house is	dining room.
the coldest room in the house is	garage.
one place you might ride your bicycle to is	the park.
one place you might ride your bicycle to is	the store.
one place you might ride your bicycle to is	school.
one place you might ride your bicycle to is	work.
one place you might ride your bicycle to is	friend's house.
one place you might ride your bicycle to is	the beach.
one thing show-offs show off is	car.
one thing show-offs show off is	looks.
one thing show-offs show off is	money.
one thing show-offs show off is	talents.
one thing show-offs show off is	jewelry.
one thing show-offs show off is	their tattoos.
one thing that just about everybody has a jar of in their refrigerator is	jam.
one thing that just about everybody has a jar of in their refrigerator is	mayonnaise.
one thing that just about everybody has a jar of in their refrigerator is	pickles.
one thing that just about everybody has a jar of in their refrigerator is	mustard.
one thing that just about everybody has a jar of in their refrigerator is	peanut butter.
one thing that just about everybody has a jar of in their refrigerator is	ketchup.
one thing that people's bodies tell them it's time to do is	go to sleep.
one thing that people's bodies tell them it's time to do is	go to bathroom.
one thing that people's bodies tell them it's time to do is	eat/drink.
one thing that people's bodies tell them it's time to do is	take a bath.
one thing that people's bodies tell them it's time to do is	exercise.
one thing your dog absolutely hates is	bath/water.
one thing your dog absolutely hates is	cats.
one thing your dog absolutely hates is	thunder/ld. noise.
one thing your dog absolutely hates is	mailman/strangers.
one thing your dog absolutely hates is	outside/alone.
one thing your dog absolutely hates is	caged/tied up.
one thing that spins around is	top.
one thing that spins around is	the earth.
one thing that spins around is	merry go round.
one thing that spins around is	wheel.
one thing that spins around is	fan.
one thing that spins around is	windmill.
one expensive liquid is	alcohol.
one expensive liquid is	perfume.
one expensive liquid is	petrol.
one expensive liquid is	oil.
one expensive liquid is	mercury.
one circumstance that people say only happens to one in a million is	winning lottery.
one circumstance that people say only happens to one in a million is	struck by lightning.
one famous movie that was all about a dog is	lassie come home.
one famous movie that was all about a dog is	101 dalmatians.
one famous movie that was all about a dog is	all dogs...heaven.
one famous movie that was all about a dog is	old yeller.
one famous movie that was all about a dog is	benji.
one famous movie that was all about a dog is	beethoven.
one thing some people might swipe from the neighbors is	newspaper.
one thing some people might swipe from the neighbors is	tools.
one thing some people might swipe from the neighbors is	fruits.
one thing some people might swipe from the neighbors is	lawn mower.
one thing some people might swipe from the neighbors is	flowers.
one thing some people might swipe from the neighbors is	garden hose.
one thing vampires would not keep in their home that most people would is	garlic.
one thing vampires would not keep in their home that most people would is	cross.
somewhere children love to go but adults don't is	park.
somewhere children love to go but adults don't is	amusement park.
somewhere children love to go but adults don't is	chuck e cheese.
somewhere children love to go but adults don't is	petting zoo.
somewhere children love to go but adults don't is	arcades.
one thing people store in a cupboard is	dishes.
one thing people store in a cupboard is	canned food.
one thing people store in a cupboard is	flour.
one thing people store in a cupboard is	cups.
one thing people store in a cupboard is	sugar.
one thing people store in a cupboard is	cereal.
one thing pregnant women are warned not to do is	drink alcohol.
one thing pregnant women are warned not to do is	smoke.
one thing pregnant women are warned not to do is	lift heavy things.
one thing pregnant women are warned not to do is	run.
one thing pregnant women are warned not to do is	drugs.
one kind of place you'd hate to be hearing people's cell phone go off is	movie/theater.
one kind of place you'd hate to be hearing people's cell phone go off is	church.
one kind of place you'd hate to be hearing people's cell phone go off is	restaurant.
one kind of place you'd hate to be hearing people's cell phone go off is	doctor/hospital.
one kind of place you'd hate to be hearing people's cell phone go off is	bus.
one kind of place you'd hate to be hearing people's cell phone go off is	school/classroom.
one country kids study in ancient history class is	egypt.
one country kids study in ancient history class is	greece.
one country kids study in ancient history class is	italy.
one country kids study in ancient history class is	china.
one country kids study in ancient history class is	japan.
one country kids study in ancient history class is	mexico.
one country kids study in ancient history class is	france.
one thing you might do when planning a friend's birthday party is	send invites.
one thing you might do when planning a friend's birthday party is	get a cake.
one thing you might do when planning a friend's birthday party is	entertainment.
one thing you might do when planning a friend's birthday party is	decorate.
one thing that people want to do early in life is	have children.
one thing that people want to do early in life is	travel.
one thing that people want to do early in life is	getting married.
one thing that people want to do early in life is	retire.
one thing that people want to do early in life is	go to college.
one thing that people want to do early in life is	get rich.
one thing a little kid might do on the furniture that would tick off his parents is	jump.
one thing a little kid might do on the furniture that would tick off his parents is	pee.
one thing a little kid might do on the furniture that would tick off his parents is	draw.
one thing a little kid might do on the furniture that would tick off his parents is	spill.
one thing a little kid might do on the furniture that would tick off his parents is	eat.
one thing you might find in the ocean is	sharks.
one thing you might find in the ocean is	a fish.
one thing you might find in the ocean is	whales.
one thing you might find in the ocean is	sea shells.
one thing you close is	door.
one thing you close is	window.
one thing you close is	mouth.
one thing you close is	eyes.
one thing you close is	book.
one invention that has brought people closer together is	phone.
one invention that has brought people closer together is	computer/internet.
one invention that has brought people closer together is	television.
one invention that has brought people closer together is	car.
one thing that can make a long flight seem even longer is	crying baby.
one thing that can make a long flight seem even longer is	turbulence.
one thing that can make a long flight seem even longer is	bad weather.
one thing that can make a long flight seem even longer is	no leg room.
one thing that can make a long flight seem even longer is	delays.
one thing you'd have at a hawaiian theme party is	food/luau.
one thing you'd have at a hawaiian theme party is	leis/flowers.
one thing you'd have at a hawaiian theme party is	grass/hula skirts.
one thing you'd have at a hawaiian theme party is	hula dancers.
one thing you'd have at a hawaiian theme party is	island cocktails.
one thing you'd have at a hawaiian theme party is	hawaiian music.
one us president who was known for having a way with words is	jfk.
one us president who was known for having a way with words is	abraham lincoln.
one us president who was known for having a way with words is	bill clinton.
one us president who was known for having a way with words is	george w. bush.
one us president who was known for having a way with words is	barack obama.
one us president who was known for having a way with words is	ronald reagan.
one place where you would find a vending machine is	hotel.
one place where you would find a vending machine is	hospital.
one place where you would find a vending machine is	airport.
one place where you would find a vending machine is	cafeteria.
one place where you would find a vending machine is	schools.
one place where you would find a vending machine is	break room.
one thing you plan months in advance is	vacation.
one thing you plan months in advance is	wedding.
one thing you plan months in advance is	party.
one thing you might purchase by the gallon is	milk.
one thing you might purchase by the gallon is	gas.
one thing you might purchase by the gallon is	ice cream.
one thing you might purchase by the gallon is	water.
one thing specific people complain about being saddled with is	bills.
one thing specific people complain about being saddled with is	children.
one thing specific people complain about being saddled with is	spouse.
one thing specific people complain about being saddled with is	in-laws.
one thing specific people complain about being saddled with is	job.
one thing specific people complain about being saddled with is	car.
one thing you take extra time to do when guests are coming over is	clean.
one thing you take extra time to do when guests are coming over is	dress.
one thing you take extra time to do when guests are coming over is	makeup.
one type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you is	plumber.
one type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you is	mechanic.
one type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you is	roofer.
one type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you is	electrician.
one type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you is	cableman.
one type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you is	tv repairman.
one type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you is	builder.
one thing some people seem to need more of than other people do is	money.
one thing some people seem to need more of than other people do is	love.
one thing some people seem to need more of than other people do is	attention.
one thing some people seem to need more of than other people do is	food.
one thing some people seem to need more of than other people do is	clothes.
one thing some people seem to need more of than other people do is	friends.
one bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill is	smoking.
one bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill is	overeating.
one bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill is	nail biting.
one bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill is	lying.
one bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill is	sucking my thumb.
one bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill is	procrastinating.
one bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill is	nagging.
one thing a person might do on an airplane to pass time is	read.
one thing a person might do on an airplane to pass time is	sleep.
one thing a person might do on an airplane to pass time is	watch movies.
one thing a person might do on an airplane to pass time is	talk.
one activity people only do when they have kids is	go to playground.
one activity people only do when they have kids is	go to zoo.
one activity people only do when they have kids is	watch cartoons.
one thing people stick in their ears is	q-tip.
one thing people stick in their ears is	ear plugs.
one thing people stick in their ears is	finger.
one thing people stick in their ears is	pencil.
one thing people stick in their ears is	wash cloth.
one thing people stick in their ears is	head set.
one thing that makes people tremble is	fear.
one thing that makes people tremble is	being cold.
one thing that makes people tremble is	earth quake.
one thing that makes people tremble is	storms.
one thing that makes people tremble is	spiders.
one thing that makes people tremble is	death.
one thing that makes people tremble is	car accident.
one person famous with the first  of michael is	michael jackson.
one person famous with the first  of michael is	michael jordan.
one person famous with the first  of michael is	michael douglas.
one person famous with the first  of michael is	michael landon.
one person famous with the first  of michael is	michael j. fox.
one thing people have no control over (new set) is	life.
one thing people have no control over (new set) is	kids.
one thing people have no control over (new set) is	love.
one thing people have no control over (new set) is	the weather.
one thing people have no control over (new set) is	death.
one thing you do at a concert is	dance.
one thing you do at a concert is	sing.
one thing you do at a concert is	scream.
one thing you do at a concert is	drink.
one thing you do at a concert is	clap.
one thing that your kids might do before asking you for a favor is	do chores.
one thing that your kids might do before asking you for a favor is	say i love you.
one thing that your kids might do before asking you for a favor is	hug/kiss you.
one thing that your kids might do before asking you for a favor is	compliment/suck up.
one thing that your kids might do before asking you for a favor is	behave/act sweet.
one thing that your kids might do before asking you for a favor is	make plans.
one food you buy more than one of at a time is	potatoes.
one food you buy more than one of at a time is	eggs.
one food you buy more than one of at a time is	apples.
one food you buy more than one of at a time is	bananas.
one food you buy more than one of at a time is	grapes.
one food you buy more than one of at a time is	hot dogs.
one food you buy more than one of at a time is	soda.
one zoo animal that eats more than you do is	elephant.
one zoo animal that eats more than you do is	monkey/gorilla.
one zoo animal that eats more than you do is	hippopotamus.
one zoo animal that eats more than you do is	giraffe.
one zoo animal that eats more than you do is	lion.
one place where kids don't like spending summer vacation is	school.
one place where kids don't like spending summer vacation is	home.
one place where kids don't like spending summer vacation is	grandparents house.
one place where kids don't like spending summer vacation is	camp.
one thing a burglar might see that stops him from breaking into a house is	dog.
one thing a burglar might see that stops him from breaking into a house is	alarm system.
one thing a burglar might see that stops him from breaking into a house is	warning sign.
one thing a burglar might see that stops him from breaking into a house is	cameras.
one thing a burglar might see that stops him from breaking into a house is	light.
one part of the body mentioned in many love songs is	heart.
one part of the body mentioned in many love songs is	lips.
one part of the body mentioned in many love songs is	eyes.
one part of the body mentioned in many love songs is	hands.
one thing specific that might give you away when you are trying to hide is	sneezing.
one thing specific that might give you away when you are trying to hide is	breathing.
one thing specific that might give you away when you are trying to hide is	coughing.
one thing specific that might give you away when you are trying to hide is	perfume.
one thing specific that might give you away when you are trying to hide is	clothes.
one thing wives try to get by nagging is	money.
one thing wives try to get by nagging is	chores.
one thing wives try to get by nagging is	presents.
one thing wives try to get by nagging is	attention.
one thing wives try to get by nagging is	car.
one thing you might do to celebrate during the summer is	party.
one thing you might do to celebrate during the summer is	at the beach.
one thing you might do to celebrate during the summer is	barbecue.
one thing you might do to celebrate during the summer is	picnic.
one thing you might do to celebrate during the summer is	fireworks.
one animal that would just love to rip you apart is	tiger.
one animal that would just love to rip you apart is	lion.
one animal that would just love to rip you apart is	bear.
one animal that would just love to rip you apart is	dog.
one animal that would just love to rip you apart is	alligator.
one animal that would just love to rip you apart is	shark.
one reason you might be annoyed at the person sitting next to you on a plane is	talk too much.
one reason you might be annoyed at the person sitting next to you on a plane is	snores.
one reason you might be annoyed at the person sitting next to you on a plane is	smells bad.
one reason you might be annoyed at the person sitting next to you on a plane is	big.
one thing in people do to eliminate body odor is	shower.
one thing in people do to eliminate body odor is	deodorant.
one thing you might see at a carnival is	ferris wheel.
one thing you might see at a carnival is	rides.
one thing you might see at a carnival is	clowns.
one thing you might see at a carnival is	elephants.
one thing you might see at a carnival is	children.
one dog breed that has a bad wrap is	pitbulls.
one dog breed that has a bad wrap is	german shephard.
one dog breed that has a bad wrap is	rottweilers.
one dog breed that has a bad wrap is	dobermans.
one thing people do with their mouth is	talk.
one thing people do with their mouth is	chew.
one thing people do with their mouth is	kiss.
one thing people do with their mouth is	whistle.
one thing people do with their mouth is	smile.
one thing a person might do as part of spring cleaning is	clean window.
one thing a person might do as part of spring cleaning is	dusting.
one thing a person might do as part of spring cleaning is	clean closet.
one thing a person might do as part of spring cleaning is	garage sale.
one thing a person might do as part of spring cleaning is	clean garage.
one thing you don't have to do for fish when you have them as pets is	walk.
one thing you don't have to do for fish when you have them as pets is	clean.
one thing you don't have to do for fish when you have them as pets is	feed much.
one thing you don't have to do for fish when you have them as pets is	watch.
one thing you don't have to do for fish when you have them as pets is	groom.
one thing you don't have to do for fish when you have them as pets is	entertain.
one movie monster you think could take dracula in a fight is	godzilla.
one movie monster you think could take dracula in a fight is	frankenstein.
one movie monster you think could take dracula in a fight is	king kong.
one movie monster you think could take dracula in a fight is	wolfman/werewolf.
one movie monster you think could take dracula in a fight is	freddy krueger.
one movie monster you think could take dracula in a fight is	jason.
one place where shoplifters stash the goods, until they're out of the store is	clothes.
one place where shoplifters stash the goods, until they're out of the store is	purse.
one place where shoplifters stash the goods, until they're out of the store is	backpack.
one thing you see in a palace is	queen.
one thing you see in a palace is	throne.
one thing you see in a palace is	king.
one thing you see in a palace is	princess.
one thing you see in a palace is	prince.
one thing you see in a palace is	jewels.
one thing people drink at christmas is	eggnog.
one thing people drink at christmas is	wine.
one thing people drink at christmas is	champagne.
one thing people drink at christmas is	brandy.
one thing people drink at christmas is	applecider.
one reason a boy says he hates wearing braces on his teeth is	looks funny.
one reason a boy says he hates wearing braces on his teeth is	gets teased.
one reason a boy says he hates wearing braces on his teeth is	can't kiss.
one reason a boy says he hates wearing braces on his teeth is	food gets stuck.
one reason a boy says he hates wearing braces on his teeth is	they hurt.
one reason a boy says he hates wearing braces on his teeth is	girls.
one excuse for lateness that bosses get sick of hearing is	overslept/alarm.
one excuse for lateness that bosses get sick of hearing is	traffic jam.
one excuse for lateness that bosses get sick of hearing is	car trouble.
one excuse for lateness that bosses get sick of hearing is	missed bus/train.
one excuse for lateness that bosses get sick of hearing is	sick kids.
one excuse for lateness that bosses get sick of hearing is	not feeling well.
one thing everybody knows about cinderella is	glass slipper.
one thing everybody knows about cinderella is	step mother/sister.
one thing everybody knows about cinderella is	ball/midnight.
one thing everybody knows about cinderella is	poor.
one thing a teenager will not leave the house without is	mobile phone.
one thing a teenager will not leave the house without is	money.
one thing a teenager will not leave the house without is	ipod.
one thing a teenager will not leave the house without is	keys.
one thing a teenager will not leave the house without is	car.
one thing a teenager will not leave the house without is	make-up.
one place children go that can be hotbed of germs is	school.
one place children go that can be hotbed of germs is	playground.
one place children go that can be hotbed of germs is	bathroom.
one place children go that can be hotbed of germs is	daycare.
one place children go that can be hotbed of germs is	swimming pool.
one place children go that can be hotbed of germs is	arcade.
one place children go that can be hotbed of germs is	sandbox.
one thing that scares you when you're driving is	other drivers.
one thing that scares you when you're driving is	animals.
one thing that scares you when you're driving is	trucks.
one thing that scares you when you're driving is	police officers.
one thing that scares you when you're driving is	weather.
one thing that scares you when you're driving is	motorcycles.
one thing every husband wants to come home to is	cooked meal.
one thing every husband wants to come home to is	loving wife/kids.
one thing every husband wants to come home to is	clean home.
one thing every husband wants to come home to is	hot lovin'/sex.
one thing every husband wants to come home to is	peace & quiet.
one thing you use to clean your teeth is	toothbrush.
one thing you use to clean your teeth is	floss.
one thing you use to clean your teeth is	toothpaste.
one thing you use to clean your teeth is	mouthwash.
one member of the wedding party is	bride.
one member of the wedding party is	brides maid.
one member of the wedding party is	maid of honor.
one member of the wedding party is	groom.
one member of the wedding party is	best man.
one foreign type of hat is	beret.
one foreign type of hat is	sombrero.
one foreign type of hat is	top hat.
one foreign type of hat is	fez.
one foreign type of hat is	cowboy.
one foreign type of hat is	bowler.
one london tourist attraction is	big ben.
one london tourist attraction is	tower bridge.
one london tourist attraction is	tower of london.
one london tourist attraction is	buckingham palace.
one london tourist attraction is	london eye.
one thing that comes in a box is	cereal.
one thing that comes in a box is	shoes.
one thing that comes in a box is	chocolate.
one thing that comes in a box is	candy.
one thing that comes in a box is	jewelry.
one thing you would like to see when traveling through europe is	eiffel tower.
one thing you would like to see when traveling through europe is	big ben.
one thing you would like to see when traveling through europe is	stonehenge.
one thing you would like to see when traveling through europe is	alps.
one thing you would like to see when traveling through europe is	rome.
one reason why a person might be jumping is	for joy/good news.
one reason why a person might be jumping is	jumping jacks/exercise.
one reason why a person might be jumping is	playing jump rope.
one reason why a person might be jumping is	sky diving.
one reason why a person might be jumping is	on a trampoline.
one reason why a person might be jumping is	to reach something.
one animal that might be described as majestic is	lion.
one animal that might be described as majestic is	horse.
one animal that might be described as majestic is	eagle.
one animal that might be described as majestic is	tiger.
one animal that might be described as majestic is	unicorn.
one specific reason why you might visit a fortune teller is	love life.
one specific reason why you might visit a fortune teller is	career.
one specific reason why you might visit a fortune teller is	lottery numbers.
one specific reason why you might visit a fortune teller is	future health.
one thing you might blow out is	candle.
one thing you might blow out is	car tire.
one thing you might blow out is	air.
one thing you might blow out is	balloon.
one thing you might brush is	hair.
one thing you might brush is	teeth.
one thing you might brush is	pets.
one thing you might brush is	paint.
one thing you might brush is	your shoulders off.
one animal that was born to run is	cheetah.
one animal that was born to run is	horse.
one animal that was born to run is	dog.
one animal that was born to run is	antelope/deer.
one animal that was born to run is	tiger.
one thing in your house that you hate to clean is	bathroom.
one thing in your house that you hate to clean is	stove.
one thing in your house that you hate to clean is	floors.
one thing in your house that you hate to clean is	windows.
one thing in your house that you hate to clean is	refrigerator.
one thing in your house that you hate to clean is	dirty dishes.
one person who is paid to make decisions is	ceo.
one person who is paid to make decisions is	president.
one person who is paid to make decisions is	judge.
one person who is paid to make decisions is	supervisor.
one person who is paid to make decisions is	police officer.
one person who is paid to make decisions is	doctor.
one person who is paid to make decisions is	deputy.
one thing kids are always saying that they are old enough to start doing for themselves is	get dressed.
one thing kids are always saying that they are old enough to start doing for themselves is	stay home alone.
one thing kids are always saying that they are old enough to start doing for themselves is	drive.
one thing kids are always saying that they are old enough to start doing for themselves is	make decisions.
one thing kids are always saying that they are old enough to start doing for themselves is	take bath.
one thing kids are always saying that they are old enough to start doing for themselves is	eat by himself.
the most uncomfortable place to get a sunburn is	back.
the most uncomfortable place to get a sunburn is	face.
the most uncomfortable place to get a sunburn is	buttocks.
the most uncomfortable place to get a sunburn is	shoulders.
the most uncomfortable place to get a sunburn is	legs.
the most uncomfortable place to get a sunburn is	feet.
one snack that's sold at sporting events is	hot dogs.
one snack that's sold at sporting events is	popcorn.
one snack that's sold at sporting events is	peanuts.
one snack that's sold at sporting events is	nachos.
one snack that's sold at sporting events is	pretzels.
one thing you might do when saying goodbye to one person is	kiss.
one thing you might do when saying goodbye to one person is	wave.
one thing you might do when saying goodbye to one person is	hug.
one thing you might do when saying goodbye to one person is	cry.
one thing you might do when saying goodbye to one person is	handshake.
one thing you look out for when you're driving is	pedestrians.
one thing you look out for when you're driving is	other cars.
one thing you look out for when you're driving is	drunk drivers.
one thing you look out for when you're driving is	animals.
one thing you'd expect to see in a psychiatrist's office is	couch.
one thing you'd expect to see in a psychiatrist's office is	patient.
one thing you'd expect to see in a psychiatrist's office is	diploma.
one thing you'd expect to see in a psychiatrist's office is	books.
one thing you'd expect to see in a psychiatrist's office is	picture.
one thing people say keeps you young is	children.
one thing people say keeps you young is	exercise.
one thing people say keeps you young is	laughing.
one thing people say keeps you young is	healthy foods.
one thing you use tweezers to remove is	hair.
one thing you use tweezers to remove is	splinter.
one thing that happens that interrupts a couple's alone time at night after having kids is	crying baby.
one thing that happens that interrupts a couple's alone time at night after having kids is	nightmares.
one thing that happens that interrupts a couple's alone time at night after having kids is	feeding times.
one thing that happens that interrupts a couple's alone time at night after having kids is	sick kid.
one thing that gets fragile when old is	people.
one thing that gets fragile when old is	paper.
one thing that gets fragile when old is	books.
one thing that gets fragile when old is	pictures.
one thing that gets fragile when old is	flowers.
one thing that gets fragile when old is	eggs.
one thing specific snobs are snobbish about is	money.
one thing specific snobs are snobbish about is	clothes.
one thing specific snobs are snobbish about is	appearance.
one thing specific snobs are snobbish about is	homes.
one thing specific snobs are snobbish about is	cars.
one thing specific snobs are snobbish about is	food.
one thing specific snobs are snobbish about is	friends.
one legendary baseball player is	babe ruth.
one legendary baseball player is	jackie robinson.
one legendary baseball player is	joe dimaggio.
one legendary baseball player is	hank aaron.
one legendary baseball player is	mickey mantle.
one legendary baseball player is	nolan ryan.
one thing people buy that comes in "stick" form is	gum.
one thing people buy that comes in "stick" form is	deodorant.
one thing people buy that comes in "stick" form is	butter.
one thing people buy that comes in "stick" form is	lipstick.
one thing people buy that comes in "stick" form is	glue.
one thing donald trump has that's big is	bank accounts.
one thing donald trump has that's big is	casinos/hotels.
one thing donald trump has that's big is	hair.
one thing donald trump has that's big is	trump towers/apts..
one thing donald trump has that's big is	house.
one thing donald trump has that's big is	ego.
one thing donald trump has that's big is	yacht.
one thing you would take with you when you go shopping is	money.
one thing you would take with you when you go shopping is	wallet.
one thing you would take with you when you go shopping is	credit card.
one thing you would take with you when you go shopping is	shopping list.
one thing you would take with you when you go shopping is	bags.
one thing kids practice doing in their rooms is	dancing.
one thing kids practice doing in their rooms is	playing instrument.
one thing kids practice doing in their rooms is	singing.
one thing kids practice doing in their rooms is	making a big mess.
one thing kids practice doing in their rooms is	kissing.
one thing kids practice doing in their rooms is	drawing.
one thing found on a naval submarine is	periscope.
one thing found on a naval submarine is	torpedoes.
one thing found on a naval submarine is	sailors.
one thing found on a naval submarine is	admiral.
one thing found on a naval submarine is	radar.
one thing found on a naval submarine is	hatches.
one junk item lying around in your house is	newspapers.
one junk item lying around in your house is	magazines.
one junk item lying around in your house is	mail.
one junk item lying around in your house is	car.
one junk item lying around in your house is	tires.
one junk item lying around in your house is	televisions.
one thing women think about more than men think about is	looks/figure.
one thing women think about more than men think about is	clothes.
one thing women think about more than men think about is	children/family.
one thing women think about more than men think about is	money/bills.
one thing women think about more than men think about is	shopping.
one thing women think about more than men think about is	making love/sex.
one person who lets a kid get away with things that his parents never would is	grandparents.
one person who lets a kid get away with things that his parents never would is	babysitter.
one person who lets a kid get away with things that his parents never would is	aunt/uncle.
one person who lets a kid get away with things that his parents never would is	teacher.
one sport that involves a lot of running is	soccer.
one sport that involves a lot of running is	baseball.
one sport that involves a lot of running is	basketball.
one sport that involves a lot of running is	sprinting.
one thing that might be hard to start is	car/truck.
one thing that might be hard to start is	lawn mower.
one thing that might be hard to start is	business/career.
one thing that might be hard to start is	diet/exercise.
one thing that might be hard to start is	story/conversat'n.
one thing that might be hard to start is	weed whacker.
one reason that a beautiful young girl dates hugh hefner is	he's rich.
one reason that a beautiful young girl dates hugh hefner is	help their career.
one reason that a beautiful young girl dates hugh hefner is	he's famous.
one reason that a beautiful young girl dates hugh hefner is	handsome/sexy.
one reason that a beautiful young girl dates hugh hefner is	go to mansion.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	driver.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	cab.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	taxi driver.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	bus driver.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	city bus driver.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	school bus driver.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	lorry.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	pick up.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	eighteen wheeler.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	big rig.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	semi.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	truck driver.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	mack truck.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	pizza delivery.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	ups.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	fedex.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	delivery.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	chauffer.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	nascar.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	formula one.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	race car driver.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	car driver.
one job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver is	indy.
one impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away is	house.
one impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away is	car.
one impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away is	tv.
one impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away is	computer.
one impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away is	furniture.
one impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away is	clothes.
one impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away is	food.
one occupation whose members are no better than crooks is	politician.
one occupation whose members are no better than crooks is	lawyers.
one occupation whose members are no better than crooks is	car salesman.
one occupation whose members are no better than crooks is	ceo.
one occupation whose members are no better than crooks is	tax collectors.
one occupation whose members are no better than crooks is	stockbroker.
one thing a millionaire probably has more than one of is	car.
one thing a millionaire probably has more than one of is	house.
one thing a millionaire probably has more than one of is	one million.
one thing a millionaire probably has more than one of is	girlfriend.
the worst month to be 9 months pregnant is	july.
the worst month to be 9 months pregnant is	august.
the worst month to be 9 months pregnant is	december.
one celebrity you would hate to be stuck next to on a plane is	justin beiber.
one celebrity you would hate to be stuck next to on a plane is	kim kardashian.
one celebrity you would hate to be stuck next to on a plane is	lindsay lohan.
one celebrity you would hate to be stuck next to on a plane is	miley cyrus.
one celebrity you would hate to be stuck next to on a plane is	lil wayne.
one celebrity you would hate to be stuck next to on a plane is	howard stern.
one thing that's fun to do on a cold, rainy night is	watch tv.
one thing that's fun to do on a cold, rainy night is	snuggle.
one thing that's fun to do on a cold, rainy night is	sit by fire place.
one thing that's fun to do on a cold, rainy night is	play board games.
one thing that's fun to do on a cold, rainy night is	read.
one thing that's fun to do on a cold, rainy night is	sleep.
one thing people bring with them to their high school reunion is	photos.
one thing people bring with them to their high school reunion is	yearbook.
one thing people bring with them to their high school reunion is	spouse/date.
one thing people bring with them to their high school reunion is	letterman jacket.
the smelliest place one person can work is	garbage dump.
the smelliest place one person can work is	funeral parlor.
the smelliest place one person can work is	farm.
the smelliest place one person can work is	gym.
one thing married people share that causes a lot of arguments is	money.
one thing married people share that causes a lot of arguments is	car.
one thing married people share that causes a lot of arguments is	bed.
one thing married people share that causes a lot of arguments is	children.
one thing married people share that causes a lot of arguments is	bathroom.
the most popular event at the winter olympics is	figure skating.
the most popular event at the winter olympics is	snowboarding.
the most popular event at the winter olympics is	bobsled.
the most popular event at the winter olympics is	skiing.
one thing that has an ending is	story.
one thing that has an ending is	movie.
one thing that has an ending is	life.
one thing that has an ending is	road.
one thing that has an ending is	sentence.
one thing you might do before moving is	pack.
one thing you might do before moving is	clean.
one thing you might do before moving is	throw stuff out.
one thing you might do before moving is	throw a party.
one thing you might do before moving is	paint house.
one thing a friend might do in your car that would irritate you is	smoke.
one thing a friend might do in your car that would irritate you is	play with radio.
one thing a friend might do in your car that would irritate you is	leave/throw trash.
one thing a friend might do in your car that would irritate you is	talk/be loud.
one thing a friend might do in your car that would irritate you is	eat.
one thing a friend might do in your car that would irritate you is	throw up.
one thing you don't discuss with your mom because she's too opinionated is	birds & bees.
one thing you don't discuss with your mom because she's too opinionated is	politics.
one thing you don't discuss with your mom because she's too opinionated is	getting married.
one thing you don't discuss with your mom because she's too opinionated is	finances.
one thing you don't discuss with your mom because she's too opinionated is	religion.
one thing that has a manager is	store.
one thing that has a manager is	restaurant.
one thing that has a manager is	sports.
one thing that has a manager is	employee.
one thing that has a manager is	actor.
one thing that has a manager is	rockband.
one thing that has a manager is	me.
one thing you drink out of a bottle is	soda.
one thing you drink out of a bottle is	water.
one thing you drink out of a bottle is	beer.
one thing you drink out of a bottle is	juice.
one occupation in which you are on duty is	police officer.
one occupation in which you are on duty is	soldier.
one occupation in which you are on duty is	doctor.
one occupation in which you are on duty is	nurse.
one occupation in which you are on duty is	firefighter.
one way to wake one person up in the morning that would be really mean is	throw water.
one way to wake one person up in the morning that would be really mean is	scream.
one way to wake one person up in the morning that would be really mean is	blast radio.
one way to wake one person up in the morning that would be really mean is	phone call.
one way to wake one person up in the morning that would be really mean is	tickle.
one professional sport that has a draft is	football.
one professional sport that has a draft is	baseball.
one thing teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving is	detention.
one thing teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving is	no recess.
one thing teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving is	call parents.
one thing teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving is	send to principal.
one thing teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving is	extra homework.
one thing teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving is	suspend them.
one thing teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving is	pop quiz.
one food people give as a christmas gift is	fruit cake.
one food people give as a christmas gift is	cookies.
one food people give as a christmas gift is	candy.
one food people give as a christmas gift is	pies.
one thing you'd find in a ring is	gems.
one thing you'd find in a ring is	boxer.
one thing you'd find in a ring is	inscriptions.
one thing you'd find in a ring is	dirt.
one thing you'd find in a ring is	circusact.
one thing about a man which impresses a woman is	muscles.
one thing about a man which impresses a woman is	good looks.
one thing about a man which impresses a woman is	personality.
one thing about a man which impresses a woman is	money.
one thing about a man which impresses a woman is	manners.
one thing about a man which impresses a woman is	smile.
one thing a lot of people do on sunday morning is	go to church.
one thing a lot of people do on sunday morning is	sleep late.
one thing a lot of people do on sunday morning is	eat breakfast.
one thing a lot of people do on sunday morning is	watch tv/video.
one thing a lot of people do on sunday morning is	read/newspapers.
one celebrity that has their own line of perfume is	britney spears.
one celebrity that has their own line of perfume is	jennifer lopez.
one celebrity that has their own line of perfume is	elizabeth taylor.
one celebrity that has their own line of perfume is	beyonce.
one celebrity that has their own line of perfume is	paris hilton.
one job that you hire a professional to do but your parents probably didn't is	plumbing.
one job that you hire a professional to do but your parents probably didn't is	car repair.
one job that you hire a professional to do but your parents probably didn't is	cleaning.
one job that you hire a professional to do but your parents probably didn't is	lawn care.
one thing a good fortune teller tells a woman will happen in her future is	find mister right.
one thing a good fortune teller tells a woman will happen in her future is	will be rich.
one thing a good fortune teller tells a woman will happen in her future is	have children.
one thing a good fortune teller tells a woman will happen in her future is	long life.
one thing a good fortune teller tells a woman will happen in her future is	she will be happy.
one thing a good fortune teller tells a woman will happen in her future is	lose weight.
one animal you might hear in the forest at night is	owl.
one animal you might hear in the forest at night is	coyotes.
one animal you might hear in the forest at night is	crickets.
one animal you might hear in the forest at night is	wolves.
one animal you might hear in the forest at night is	bear.
one thing people might bring to a gym is	towel.
one thing people might bring to a gym is	water bottle.
one thing people might bring to a gym is	change of clothes.
one thing people might bring to a gym is	gym bag.
one thing people might bring to a gym is	sneakers.
one thing people might bring to a gym is	gym clothes.
one food served with melted cheese on it is	cheeseburger.
one food served with melted cheese on it is	nachos.
one food served with melted cheese on it is	macaroni.
one food served with melted cheese on it is	pizza.
one food served with melted cheese on it is	grilled cheese.
one food served with melted cheese on it is	broccoli.
one thing that might be taught in a new parents course is	feeding.
one thing that might be taught in a new parents course is	changing diapers.
one thing that might be taught in a new parents course is	discipline.
one thing that might be taught in a new parents course is	cpr.
one thing that a ship from the revolutionary war might have had more than one of is	cannons.
one thing that a ship from the revolutionary war might have had more than one of is	sails.
one thing that a ship from the revolutionary war might have had more than one of is	sailors.
one thing that a ship from the revolutionary war might have had more than one of is	decks.
one bird that has good eyesight is	owl.
one bird that has good eyesight is	eagle.
one annual event that you do not look forward to is	birthday.
one annual event that you do not look forward to is	tax time.
one annual event that you do not look forward to is	family reunion.
one annual event that you do not look forward to is	christmas.
one annual event that you do not look forward to is	doctor's appointment.
one excuse people give for leaving a boring party early is	tired.
one excuse people give for leaving a boring party early is	sick.
one excuse people give for leaving a boring party early is	get home to kids.
one excuse people give for leaving a boring party early is	get up early.
the worst thing a policeman could find in your car when he pulls you over is	drugs.
the worst thing a policeman could find in your car when he pulls you over is	open alcohol.
the worst thing a policeman could find in your car when he pulls you over is	gun/weapon.
the worst thing a policeman could find in your car when he pulls you over is	underwear/bra.
the worst thing a policeman could find in your car when he pulls you over is	dead body.
one thing in your home a ghost might turn on and off to scare you is	lights.
one thing in your home a ghost might turn on and off to scare you is	television.
one thing in your home a ghost might turn on and off to scare you is	radio.
one thing in your home a ghost might turn on and off to scare you is	fan.
one thing people break into is	car.
one thing people break into is	piggy bank.
one thing people break into is	bank.
one thing people break into is	home.
one thing people break into is	cold sweat.
one thing kids do just to get their parent's attention is	cry/pout.
one thing kids do just to get their parent's attention is	throw a tantrum.
one thing kids do just to get their parent's attention is	get into fights.
one thing kids do just to get their parent's attention is	break rules.
one thing kids do just to get their parent's attention is	call names/bad word.
one furry creature that would not make a good pet is	bear.
one furry creature that would not make a good pet is	skunks.
one furry creature that would not make a good pet is	lions.
one furry creature that would not make a good pet is	raccoons.
one furry creature that would not make a good pet is	rat.
one furry creature that would not make a good pet is	tiger.
one place you hate to be tickled is	feet.
one place you hate to be tickled is	armpits.
one place you hate to be tickled is	stomach.
one place you hate to be tickled is	ribs.
one thing you do while you soak in the bathtub is	read.
one thing you do while you soak in the bathtub is	relax.
one thing you do while you soak in the bathtub is	listen to music.
one thing you do while you soak in the bathtub is	sing.
one thing you do while you soak in the bathtub is	drink wine.
one thing you'd keep in your house in case of a natural disaster is	flash light.
one thing you'd keep in your house in case of a natural disaster is	water.
one thing you'd keep in your house in case of a natural disaster is	fire extinguisher.
one thing you'd keep in your house in case of a natural disaster is	canned food.
one thing you'd keep in your house in case of a natural disaster is	candles.
one reason why you might close your eyes is	sleep.
one reason why you might close your eyes is	scared.
one reason why you might close your eyes is	bright light.
one reason why you might close your eyes is	kiss.
one reason why you might close your eyes is	sneezing.
one reason why you might close your eyes is	praying.
one famous "dan" or "danny" is	devito.
one famous "dan" or "danny" is	thomas.
one famous "dan" or "danny" is	rather.
one famous "dan" or "danny" is	glover.
one famous "dan" or "danny" is	bonaduce.
one famous "dan" or "danny" is	aykroyd.
one profession that you would hate your neighbor to have is	musician.
one profession that you would hate your neighbor to have is	police officer.
one profession that you would hate your neighbor to have is	mechanic.
one profession that you would hate your neighbor to have is	garbage collector.
one thing you do on weekday mornings that don't have to do on the weekend is	go to work.
one thing you do on weekday mornings that don't have to do on the weekend is	wake up early.
one thing you can do with a cell phone is	text.
one thing you can do with a cell phone is	call friends.
one thing you can do with a cell phone is	take photos.
one thing you can do with a cell phone is	play games.
one thing that loses its elasticity is	clothes.
one thing that loses its elasticity is	skin.
one thing that loses its elasticity is	elastic bands.
one thing that loses its elasticity is	balloon.
one thing that loses its elasticity is	pantyhose.
one thing you might ask a hotel maid for more of is	towels.
one thing you might ask a hotel maid for more of is	soap.
one thing you might ask a hotel maid for more of is	pillows.
one thing you might ask a hotel maid for more of is	shampoo.
one thing you might ask a hotel maid for more of is	ice.
one fat animal is	pig/hog.
one fat animal is	elephant.
one fat animal is	hippopotamus.
one fat animal is	cow.
one fat animal is	bear.
one fat animal is	walrus.
one thing you think of when you think of china is	chinese food.
one thing you think of when you think of china is	great wall of china.
one thing you think of when you think of china is	exports.
one thing you think of when you think of china is	population.
one thing you think of when you think of china is	chopsticks.
one thing you think of when you think of china is	pandas.
one thing you wish you were born with is	money.
one thing you wish you were born with is	good looks.
one thing you wish you were born with is	talent.
one thing you wish you were born with is	smart.
one thing you wish you were born with is	super powers.
one thing about tom cruise that comedians make fun of is	height/looks.
one thing about tom cruise that comedians make fun of is	scientology.
one thing about tom cruise that comedians make fun of is	his love life.
one thing about tom cruise that comedians make fun of is	jumping on couch.
one us state that you'd consider moving to when you retire is	florida.
one us state that you'd consider moving to when you retire is	california.
one us state that you'd consider moving to when you retire is	arizona.
one us state that you'd consider moving to when you retire is	pennsylvania.
one us state that you'd consider moving to when you retire is	hawaii.
one us state that you'd consider moving to when you retire is	georgia.
one us state that you'd consider moving to when you retire is	north carolina.
one thing people do while driving that causes auto accidents is	use cell phone.
one thing people do while driving that causes auto accidents is	eat/drink.
one thing people do while driving that causes auto accidents is	fall asleep.
one thing people do while driving that causes auto accidents is	makeup in mirror.
one thing people do while driving that causes auto accidents is	get intimate.
one thing people do while driving that causes auto accidents is	play with radio.
the thing you like to do most at a party is	dance.
the thing you like to do most at a party is	talk/mingle.
the thing you like to do most at a party is	drink.
the thing you like to do most at a party is	eat.
one specific item that makes furniture mover wish he'd chosen another occupation is	piano.
one specific item that makes furniture mover wish he'd chosen another occupation is	sofa.
one specific item that makes furniture mover wish he'd chosen another occupation is	fridge.
one specific item that makes furniture mover wish he'd chosen another occupation is	dresser.
one specific item that makes furniture mover wish he'd chosen another occupation is	bed.
one specific item that makes furniture mover wish he'd chosen another occupation is	stairs.
one movie about a horse is	seabiscuit.
one movie about a horse is	black beauty.
one movie about a horse is	black stallion.
one movie about a horse is	national velvet.
one movie about a horse is	my friend flicka.
one thing you might take with you for an overnight stay at the hospital is	pajamas.
one thing you might take with you for an overnight stay at the hospital is	clothing.
one thing you might take with you for an overnight stay at the hospital is	toothbrush.
one thing you might take with you for an overnight stay at the hospital is	robe.
one thing you might take with you for an overnight stay at the hospital is	book.
one thing you might take with you for an overnight stay at the hospital is	comb.
one government agency with a three-letter abbreviation is	fbi.
one government agency with a three-letter abbreviation is	cia.
one government agency with a three-letter abbreviation is	ins.
one government agency with a three-letter abbreviation is	irs.
one government agency with a three-letter abbreviation is	dea.
one thing a woman might want nearby when taking a long hot bath is	telephone.
one thing a woman might want nearby when taking a long hot bath is	wine.
one thing a woman might want nearby when taking a long hot bath is	candles.
one thing a woman might want nearby when taking a long hot bath is	radio.
one thing a woman might want nearby when taking a long hot bath is	towel.
one thing a woman might want nearby when taking a long hot bath is	man.
one tourist attraction in rome is	the colosseum.
one tourist attraction in rome is	vatican.
one tourist attraction in rome is	trevi fountain.
one tourist attraction in rome is	pantheon.
one thing inapropriate for a wedding speech is	an ex.
one thing inapropriate for a wedding speech is	affairs.
one thing inapropriate for a wedding speech is	wish bad luck.
one tv show that might cause your family a lot of embarrassment if they saw you on it is	jerry springer.
one tv show that might cause your family a lot of embarrassment if they saw you on it is	cops.
one thing some men just can't stand a woman being better at than they are is	sports.
one thing some men just can't stand a woman being better at than they are is	making money.
one thing some men just can't stand a woman being better at than they are is	driving.
one thing some men just can't stand a woman being better at than they are is	fixing things.
one thing some men just can't stand a woman being better at than they are is	cards.
one thing some men just can't stand a woman being better at than they are is	math.
one beverage you might during at a typical holiday party is	egg nog.
one beverage you might during at a typical holiday party is	wine.
one thing you can give as a housewarming gift is	dishes.
one thing you can give as a housewarming gift is	appliances.
one thing you can give as a housewarming gift is	wine.
one thing you can give as a housewarming gift is	hand towels.
one thing you can give as a housewarming gift is	candles.
one thing you can give as a housewarming gift is	money.
one occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing is	doctor.
one occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing is	broker.
one occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing is	pilot.
one occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing is	auto mechanic.
one occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing is	banker.
one occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing is	accountant.
one occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing is	police officer.
one occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing is	president.
one thing you would not want to wake up next to is	corpse.
one thing you would not want to wake up next to is	bear.
one thing you would not want to wake up next to is	snake.
one thing you would not want to wake up next to is	spider.
one thing you would not want to wake up next to is	stranger.
one thing you would not want to wake up next to is	an ex.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	money.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	pen/pencil.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	significant other.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	police officer.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	keys.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	friends.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	remote control.
one sport for which athletes wear special shoes is	american football.
one sport for which athletes wear special shoes is	bowling.
one sport for which athletes wear special shoes is	soccer.
one sport for which athletes wear special shoes is	golf.
one sport for which athletes wear special shoes is	baseball.
one sport for which athletes wear special shoes is	basketball.
one thing kids are less afraid of than adults is	insects.
one thing kids are less afraid of than adults is	heights.
one thing kids are less afraid of than adults is	dogs.
one thing kids are less afraid of than adults is	falling/injury.
one thing kids are less afraid of than adults is	roller coasters.
one place where people like to go skiing is	colorado.
one place where people like to go skiing is	aspen.
one place where people like to go skiing is	mountains.
one place where people like to go skiing is	apls.
one place where people like to go skiing is	tahoe.
one place where people like to go skiing is	pocomo.
one thing that might be served at a poolside snack bar is	soft drinks.
one thing that might be served at a poolside snack bar is	ice cream.
one thing that might be served at a poolside snack bar is	hot dogs.
one thing that might be served at a poolside snack bar is	chips.
one thing that might be served at a poolside snack bar is	fruit.
one thing that might be served at a poolside snack bar is	beer.
one animal that looks like it's smiling is	dog.
one animal that looks like it's smiling is	cat.
one animal that looks like it's smiling is	monkey.
one animal that looks like it's smiling is	hyena.
one animal that looks like it's smiling is	koala.
one animal that looks like it's smiling is	dolphin.
one type of fruit a kid might have in his lunch bag is	apple.
one type of fruit a kid might have in his lunch bag is	banana.
one type of fruit a kid might have in his lunch bag is	orange.
one type of fruit a kid might have in his lunch bag is	peach.
one type of fruit a kid might have in his lunch bag is	raisins.
one thing you might make one person do while they are hypnotized is	bark.
one thing you might make one person do while they are hypnotized is	talk.
one thing you might make one person do while they are hypnotized is	act like a chicken.
one thing you might make one person do while they are hypnotized is	dance.
one thing you might make one person do while they are hypnotized is	sing.
one thing that is considered a citizen's duty is	vote.
one thing that is considered a citizen's duty is	jury duty.
one thing that is considered a citizen's duty is	report a crime.
one thing that is considered a citizen's duty is	pay taxes.
one thing that is considered a citizen's duty is	neighbor wat....
one thing that is considered a citizen's duty is	obey the law.
your favorite food with peanut butter inside is	peanut butter cup.
your favorite food with peanut butter inside is	cookie.
one thing you can't bear the thought of doing if you have the flu is	going to work.
one thing you can't bear the thought of doing if you have the flu is	getting up/moving.
one thing you can't bear the thought of doing if you have the flu is	eating.
one thing you can't bear the thought of doing if you have the flu is	taking meds/shots.
one thing you can't bear the thought of doing if you have the flu is	cooking.
one thing a person might do on the last day of their job is	party.
one thing a person might do on the last day of their job is	clean out desk.
one thing a person might do on the last day of their job is	tell boss off.
one thing a person might do on the last day of their job is	say goodbye.
one thing that you let "pile up" when you're feeling lazy is	laundry.
one thing that you let "pile up" when you're feeling lazy is	dishes.
one thing that you let "pile up" when you're feeling lazy is	housework.
one thing that you let "pile up" when you're feeling lazy is	bills.
one thing that you let "pile up" when you're feeling lazy is	newspapers.
one country that would do not well in the winter olympics is	south africa.
one country that would do not well in the winter olympics is	jamaica.
one country that would do not well in the winter olympics is	mexico.
one country that would do not well in the winter olympics is	australia.
one country that would do not well in the winter olympics is	brazil.
one safety device you would find on a car is	airbags.
one safety device you would find on a car is	seatbelt.
one safety device you would find on a car is	safety belt.
one safety device you would find on a car is	alarm.
one safety device you would find on a car is	decelerators.
one safety device you would find on a car is	brakes.
one safety device you would find on a car is	car alarm.
one safety device you would find on a car is	security alarm.
one tool a man can't live without is	hammer.
one tool a man can't live without is	screwdriver.
one tool a man can't live without is	drill.
one tool a man can't live without is	wrench.
one tool a man can't live without is	knife.
one thing a tall person might say is too short for them is	pants/clothing.
one thing a tall person might say is too short for them is	doorway/ceiling.
one thing a tall person might say is too short for them is	bed.
one thing a tall person might say is too short for them is	a partner.
one thing a tall person might say is too short for them is	sink.
one thing a tall person might say is too short for them is	shower head.
other than letter and punctuation keys, one computer key would you not want to type a report without is	enter.
other than letter and punctuation keys, one computer key would you not want to type a report without is	space bar.
other than letter and punctuation keys, one computer key would you not want to type a report without is	backspace.
other than letter and punctuation keys, one computer key would you not want to type a report without is	tab key.
on thanksgiving, one thing snooki might say she's thankful for is	new jersey.
on thanksgiving, one thing snooki might say she's thankful for is	men.
on thanksgiving, one thing snooki might say she's thankful for is	her hair.
on thanksgiving, one thing snooki might say she's thankful for is	drinking.
on thanksgiving, one thing snooki might say she's thankful for is	tanning.
on thanksgiving, one thing snooki might say she's thankful for is	pickles.
other than love one thing that money cant buy is	happiness.
other than love one thing that money cant buy is	health.
other than love one thing that money cant buy is	friendship.
other than love one thing that money cant buy is	family.
other than love one thing that money cant buy is	time.
Q: on average how many hours does a couple sleep on their wedding night? A:	1.
Q: on average how many hours does a couple sleep on their wedding night? A:	2.
Q: on average how many hours does a couple sleep on their wedding night? A:	3.
Q: on average how many hours does a couple sleep on their wedding night? A:	4.
Q: on average how many hours does a couple sleep on their wedding night? A:	5.
on a game show one thing a host must do is	make conversation.
on a game show one thing a host must do is	ask questions.
on a game show one thing a host must do is	smile.
on a game show one thing a host must do is	introduce teams.
on a game show one thing a host must do is	sense of humor.
other than santa claus,  one person else who lives at the north pole is	elves.
other than santa claus,  one person else who lives at the north pole is	mrs. claus.
other than santa claus,  one person else who lives at the north pole is	rudolph.
other than a swear word, one thing people say when they hurt themselves is	ouch.
other than a swear word, one thing people say when they hurt themselves is	bugger.
other than a swear word, one thing people say when they hurt themselves is	damn.
other than a swear word, one thing people say when they hurt themselves is	ow.
other than a swear word, one thing people say when they hurt themselves is	sugar.
past or present, one singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic is	frank sinatra.
past or present, one singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic is	barry white.
past or present, one singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic is	nat king cole.
past or present, one singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic is	marvin gaye.
past or present, one singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic is	elvis presley.
past or present, one singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic is	barry manilow.
past or present, one singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic is	michael bolton.
past or present,  the funniest person in movies is	will ferrell.
past or present,  the funniest person in movies is	jim carrey.
past or present,  the funniest person in movies is	robin williams.
past or present,  the funniest person in movies is	eddie murphy.
past or present,  the funniest person in movies is	bill murray.
past or present, one famous john is	john kennedy.
past or present, one famous john is	john wayne.
past or present, one famous john is	john travolta.
past or present, one famous john is	john lennon.
past or present, one famous john is	john hancock.
past or present, one famous diet is	atkins.
past or present, one famous diet is	jenny craig.
past or present, one famous diet is	south beach diet.
past or present, one famous diet is	weight watchers.
past or present, one famous diet is	zone diet.
past or present, one famous diet is	scarsdale diet.
people often say "you can never seem to find one when you need one" one occupation they might be talking about is	policeman.
people often say "you can never seem to find one when you need one" one occupation they might be talking about is	doctor.
people often say "you can never seem to find one when you need one" one occupation they might be talking about is	plumber.
people often say "you can never seem to find one when you need one" one occupation they might be talking about is	electrician.
past or present,  any famous western movie star is	john wayne.
past or present,  any famous western movie star is	clint eastwood.
past or present,  any famous western movie star is	roy rogers.
past or present,  any famous western movie star is	randolph scott.
past or present,  any famous western movie star is	gene autry.
real or not,  one person famous d jos is	jose feliciano.
real or not,  one person famous d jos is	jose cuervo.
real or not,  one person famous d jos is	jose canseco.
real or not,  one person famous d jos is	jose ferrer.
real or not,  one person famous d jos is	jose gonzalez.
real or not,  one person famous d jos is	jose greco.
real or not,  one person famous d jos is	jose jimenez.
real or not,  one person famous d jos is	jose iturbi.
real or fictional, one famous person named ralph is	ralph lauren.
real or fictional, one famous person named ralph is	ralph nader.
real or fictional, one famous person named ralph is	ralph kramden.
real or fictional, one famous person named ralph is	r. waldo emerson.
Q: something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to? A:	flowers.
Q: something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to? A:	perfume/cologne.
Q: something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to? A:	me.
Q: something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to? A:	dinner.
Q: something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to? A:	chocolates.
Q: something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to? A:	kissing.
Q: something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to? A:	alcohol.
since first daughter malia obama has allergies, one would be a good breed of dog for her to get is	poodle.
since first daughter malia obama has allergies, one would be a good breed of dog for her to get is	chihuahua.
since first daughter malia obama has allergies, one would be a good breed of dog for her to get is	terrier.
since first daughter malia obama has allergies, one would be a good breed of dog for her to get is	pit bull.
since first daughter malia obama has allergies, one would be a good breed of dog for her to get is	maltese.
Q: something that some people insure while other people take a chance? A:	house/possessions.
Q: something that some people insure while other people take a chance? A:	car.
Q: something that some people insure while other people take a chance? A:	life.
Q: something that some people insure while other people take a chance? A:	health.
one thing you'd hear on the radio that would lead you to believe that the host is inexperienced is	stuttering.
one thing you'd hear on the radio that would lead you to believe that the host is inexperienced is	dead air.
one thing you'd hear on the radio that would lead you to believe that the host is inexperienced is	profanity.
one thing you'd hear on the radio that would lead you to believe that the host is inexperienced is	belch/cough.
one thing you'd hear on the radio that would lead you to believe that the host is inexperienced is	wrong song.
one popular type of homemade candy served during the holidays is	fudge.
one popular type of homemade candy served during the holidays is	chocolates.
one popular type of homemade candy served during the holidays is	peanut brittle.
one popular type of homemade candy served during the holidays is	toffee.
one popular type of homemade candy served during the holidays is	taffy.
one activity you might do to prove you arent afraid of heights is	sky dive.
one activity you might do to prove you arent afraid of heights is	bungee jump.
one activity you might do to prove you arent afraid of heights is	rock climb.
one activity you might do to prove you arent afraid of heights is	climb a ladder.
one activity you might do to prove you arent afraid of heights is	paraglide.
one special day that you wish lasted longer than 24 hours is	christmas.
one special day that you wish lasted longer than 24 hours is	wedding.
one special day that you wish lasted longer than 24 hours is	birthday.
one special day that you wish lasted longer than 24 hours is	valentines day.
tell me a  that's common for cats to have is	fluffy.
tell me a  that's common for cats to have is	felix.
tell me a  that's common for cats to have is	whiskers.
tell me a  that's common for cats to have is	morris.
tell me a  that's common for cats to have is	tom.
one sign you might see posted at a park is	no loitering.
one sign you might see posted at a park is	no parking.
one sign you might see posted at a park is	no dogs.
one sign you might see posted at a park is	no swimming.
one sign you might see posted at a park is	no alcohol.
one sign you might see posted at a park is	closes at dusk.
how many hours a day a teenage girl talks on the phone is	3.
how many hours a day a teenage girl talks on the phone is	4.
how many hours a day a teenage girl talks on the phone is	2.
how many hours a day a teenage girl talks on the phone is	6.
how many hours a day a teenage girl talks on the phone is	5.
how many hours a day a teenage girl talks on the phone is	1.
one slang word for "underwear is	drawers.
one slang word for "underwear is	panties.
one slang word for "underwear is	undies.
one slang word for "underwear is	boxer shorts.
one slang word for "underwear is	skivvies.
one slang word for "underwear is	briefs.
one slang word for "underwear is	knickers.
one way you warm up your hands when they're cold is	rub them together.
one way you warm up your hands when they're cold is	breathe on them.
one way you warm up your hands when they're cold is	gloves/mittens.
one way you warm up your hands when they're cold is	under warm water.
one way you warm up your hands when they're cold is	use pockets.
one way you warm up your hands when they're cold is	fire place/heater.
one situation that makes just about everyone nervous is	wedding.
one situation that makes just about everyone nervous is	dating.
one situation that makes just about everyone nervous is	job interview.
one situation that makes just about everyone nervous is	doctor's appt.
one situation that makes just about everyone nervous is	public speaking.
one situation that makes just about everyone nervous is	taking a test.
one thing that makes you mad when youre watching tv is	commercials.
one thing that makes you mad when youre watching tv is	background noise.
one thing that makes you mad when youre watching tv is	phone rings.
one thing that makes you mad when youre watching tv is	bad reception.
one thing that makes you mad when youre watching tv is	violence.
the occupation of one person who might wear a headlamp is	miner.
the occupation of one person who might wear a headlamp is	doctor/dentist.
the occupation of one person who might wear a headlamp is	police/detective.
the occupation of one person who might wear a headlamp is	construction worker.
one thing kids fight over on a long car ride is	toys.
one thing kids fight over on a long car ride is	radio.
one thing kids fight over on a long car ride is	space.
one thing kids fight over on a long car ride is	window seat.
one thing kids fight over on a long car ride is	snack.
one way in which your office is kind of like a "soap opera" is	gossip.
one way in which your office is kind of like a "soap opera" is	sleeping around.
one way in which your office is kind of like a "soap opera" is	drama.
one way in which your office is kind of like a "soap opera" is	bickering.
one way in which your office is kind of like a "soap opera" is	jealous.
one excuse youd use to avoid singing at a karaoke club is	sore throat/sick.
one excuse youd use to avoid singing at a karaoke club is	can't sing.
one excuse youd use to avoid singing at a karaoke club is	lost voice.
one excuse youd use to avoid singing at a karaoke club is	too much too drink.
one excuse youd use to avoid singing at a karaoke club is	stage fright.
one thing that would get you thrown out of most bars is	getting in a fight.
one thing that would get you thrown out of most bars is	drinking too much.
one thing that would get you thrown out of most bars is	not paying.
one thing that would get you thrown out of most bars is	stripping.
one thing that would get you thrown out of most bars is	being underage.
one breakfast item that only tastes good if its crispy is	bacon.
one breakfast item that only tastes good if its crispy is	french toast.
one breakfast item that only tastes good if its crispy is	cereal.
one breakfast item that only tastes good if its crispy is	waffles.
one breakfast item that only tastes good if its crispy is	hash browns.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals is	3.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals is	4.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals is	5.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals is	6.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals is	7.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals is	8.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals is	10.
the day of the week when you start thinking about the weekend is	monday.
the day of the week when you start thinking about the weekend is	thursday.
the day of the week when you start thinking about the weekend is	wednesday.
the day of the week when you start thinking about the weekend is	tuesday.
one place where you feel the need to get up and stretch your legs is	airplane.
one place where you feel the need to get up and stretch your legs is	work.
one place where you feel the need to get up and stretch your legs is	car/bus trip.
one place where you feel the need to get up and stretch your legs is	place of worship.
one place where you feel the need to get up and stretch your legs is	school.
one place where you feel the need to get up and stretch your legs is	movie thearre.
one profession that works long hours is	doctor.
one profession that works long hours is	police.
one profession that works long hours is	firefighter.
one profession that works long hours is	lawyer.
one profession that works long hours is	teachers.
one profession that works long hours is	nurse.
the longest you've ever gone without eating is	24 hours.
the longest you've ever gone without eating is	2 days.
the longest you've ever gone without eating is	18 hours.
the longest you've ever gone without eating is	10 hours.
the longest you've ever gone without eating is	12 hours.
the longest you've ever gone without eating is	20 hours.
the longest you've ever gone without eating is	1 and a half days.
one thing you might find in a nurses pocket is	pen.
one thing you might find in a nurses pocket is	thermometer.
one thing you might find in a nurses pocket is	syringe.
one thing you might find in a nurses pocket is	watch.
one thing you might find in a nurses pocket is	stethoscope.
one thing you might find in a nurses pocket is	gloves.
one thing you might find in a nurses pocket is	pills.
one food that people often slurp while eating is	soup.
one food that people often slurp while eating is	spaghetti.
one food that people often slurp while eating is	cereal.
one food that people often slurp while eating is	ice cream.
one food that people often slurp while eating is	jell o.
tell me a fictional character whose  includes the world "little" is	stuart little.
tell me a fictional character whose  includes the world "little" is	little bo peep.
tell me a fictional character whose  includes the world "little" is	little john.
tell me a fictional character whose  includes the world "little" is	chicken little.
tell me a fictional character whose  includes the world "little" is	lil red riding hood.
tell me a fictional character whose  includes the world "little" is	little boy blue.
one thing a dog can't stand is	cats.
one thing a dog can't stand is	getting a bath.
one thing a dog can't stand is	vacuum cleaner.
one thing a dog can't stand is	mail carrier.
one thing that every country singer needs is	guitar.
one thing that every country singer needs is	coyboy hat.
one thing that every country singer needs is	great voice.
one thing that every country singer needs is	boots.
one thing that every country singer needs is	accent/twang.
one thing that every country singer needs is	sad song.
tell me a street  found in almost every big city is	main.
tell me a street  found in almost every big city is	elm.
tell me a street  found in almost every big city is	first.
tell me a street  found in almost every big city is	martin luther king.
tell me a street  found in almost every big city is	broadway.
tell me a street  found in almost every big city is	washington.
the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets is	muppet movie.
the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets is	gumby the movie.
the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets is	wallice and grommit.
the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets is	dark crystal.
the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets is	chicken run.
the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets is	team america.
the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets is	nightmare before xmas.
one thing you might do to show one person you love them is	send us your answers!.
one thing you might do to show one person you love them is	kiss them.
the kind of dancing you think is the hardest is	tango.
the kind of dancing you think is the hardest is	breakdancing.
the kind of dancing you think is the hardest is	salsa.
the kind of dancing you think is the hardest is	waltz.
the kind of dancing you think is the hardest is	ballet.
one thing that's supposed to keep you young is	exercise.
one thing that's supposed to keep you young is	face cream/lotion.
one thing that's supposed to keep you young is	children.
one thing that's supposed to keep you young is	sleep.
one thing that's supposed to keep you young is	vitamins/herbs.
one thing that's hard to do while driving in the snow is	stop.
one thing that's hard to do while driving in the snow is	turn.
one pet that lives a long time is	dog.
one pet that lives a long time is	tortoise.
one thing that would ruin a cruise is	send us your answers!.
one thing that would ruin a cruise is	illness.
one thing you might keep under your sink is	cleaning supplies.
one thing you might keep under your sink is	dish soap.
one thing you might keep under your sink is	drain cleaner.
one thing you might keep under your sink is	plunger.
one thing you might keep under your sink is	toilet paper.
one thing you might have to replace after a divorce is	house.
one thing you might have to replace after a divorce is	furniture/elec..
one thing you might have to replace after a divorce is	spouse.
one thing you might have to replace after a divorce is	car.
one thing you might have to replace after a divorce is	cash/bank account.
one thing you might have to replace after a divorce is	dishes.
one thing you might have to replace after a divorce is	mind/sanity.
one job a man might have in which he works with attractive women is	photographer.
one job a man might have in which he works with attractive women is	bouncer.
one job a man might have in which he works with attractive women is	agent.
one job a man might have in which he works with attractive women is	actor.
one job a man might have in which he works with attractive women is	hairstylist.
one job a man might have in which he works with attractive women is	hair stylist.
one thing that people have a hard time remembering is	phone numbers.
one thing that people have a hard time remembering is	birthdays.
one thing that people have a hard time remembering is	names.
one thing that people have a hard time remembering is	anniversaries.
one thing that people have a hard time remembering is	passwords.
how many sick days the average person takes in a year is	five.
how many sick days the average person takes in a year is	four.
how many sick days the average person takes in a year is	ten.
how many sick days the average person takes in a year is	seven.
how many sick days the average person takes in a year is	three.
how many sick days the average person takes in a year is	eight.
one thing people often keep in their attic is	old clothes.
one thing people often keep in their attic is	christmas decorations.
one thing people often keep in their attic is	furniture.
one thing people often keep in their attic is	boxes.
one thing people often keep in their attic is	junk.
one thing people often keep in their attic is	pictures.
one thing you'd be nervous about loaning to a friend is	money.
one thing you'd be nervous about loaning to a friend is	car.
one thing you might want to make disappear is	bills.
one thing you might want to make disappear is	debt.
one thing you might want to make disappear is	a family member.
one thing you might want to make disappear is	extra weight.
one thing you might want to make disappear is	pimples.
one thing a store owner can't sell to a minor is	cigarettes.
one thing a store owner can't sell to a minor is	alcohol.
one thing with the word "rocky" in it is	"rocky" movies.
one thing with the word "rocky" in it is	rocky road.
one thing with the word "rocky" in it is	rocky mountains.
one thing with the word "rocky" in it is	horror pic. show.
one thing with the word "rocky" in it is	rocky & bullwink..
one thing you do not want to see in your soup is	hair.
one thing you do not want to see in your soup is	bugs.
one thing you do not want to see in your soup is	mice.
one thing you do not want to see in your soup is	spit.
one thing specific you should drink a lot of when you're sick is	water.
one thing specific you should drink a lot of when you're sick is	orange juice.
one thing you might order in an italian restaurant is	spaghetti.
one thing you might order in an italian restaurant is	lasagna.
one thing you might order in an italian restaurant is	pizza.
one thing you might order in an italian restaurant is	cannoil.
one thing you might order in an italian restaurant is	eggplant parmesan.
one thing you would not want to see your child doing is	fighting.
one thing you would not want to see your child doing is	picking their nose.
one thing you would not want to see your child doing is	bullying.
one thing you would not want to see your child doing is	swearing.
one animal that has big ears is	elephant.
one animal that has big ears is	rabbit.
one animal that has big ears is	dog.
one animal that has big ears is	donkey.
one phrase that begins with the words, "over the" is	hill.
one phrase that begins with the words, "over the" is	rainbow.
one phrase that begins with the words, "over the" is	mountain.
one phrase that begins with the words, "over the" is	river.
one phrase that begins with the words, "over the" is	top.
one thing you might dig up is	treasure.
one thing you might dig up is	plants.
one thing you might dig up is	bones.
one thing you might dig up is	information.
one thing you might dig up is	worms.
one thing you might do at a concert is	dance.
one thing you might do at a concert is	sing.
one thing you might do at a concert is	scream.
one thing you might do at a concert is	drink.
one thing you might do at a concert is	clap.
the age when a dog has had a full life is	fifteen.
the age when a dog has had a full life is	ten.
the age when a dog has had a full life is	twelve.
the age when a dog has had a full life is	fourteen.
the age when a dog has had a full life is	seven.
the age when a dog has had a full life is	thirteen.
one reason why you would give a bad tip is	poor service.
one reason why you would give a bad tip is	you don't like them.
one reason why you would give a bad tip is	bad food.
one reason why you would give a bad tip is	bad attitude.
one reason why you would give a bad tip is	no refills.
one thing that looks terrible when it's wet is	dogs/pets.
one thing that looks terrible when it's wet is	hair.
one thing that looks terrible when it's wet is	clothes/shoes.
one thing that looks terrible when it's wet is	bread.
one thing that looks terrible when it's wet is	newspaper.
one fact about john lennon is	member of beatles.
one fact about john lennon is	singer.
one fact about john lennon is	shot.
one fact about john lennon is	married yoko.
one fact about john lennon is	wore glasses.
one fact about john lennon is	has sons.
one fact about john lennon is	believed in peace.
one thing people do to pass the time when they're sick at home is	watch tv.
one thing people do to pass the time when they're sick at home is	read.
one thing people do to pass the time when they're sick at home is	sleep/rest.
one thing people do to pass the time when they're sick at home is	games/puzzles.
one word you'd use to describe one person who is heartless is	cold.
one word you'd use to describe one person who is heartless is	mean.
one word you'd use to describe one person who is heartless is	cruel.
one word you'd use to describe one person who is heartless is	evil.
one word you'd use to describe one person who is heartless is	ruthless.
one word you'd use to describe one person who is heartless is	wicked.
one thing a kid might try to hide from their parents is	report card.
one thing a kid might try to hide from their parents is	bad grades.
one thing a kid might try to hide from their parents is	candy.
one thing a kid might try to hide from their parents is	secrets.
one thing a kid might try to hide from their parents is	money.
one female celebrity with a reputation for robbing the cradle is	demi moore.
one female celebrity with a reputation for robbing the cradle is	elizabeth taylor.
one female celebrity with a reputation for robbing the cradle is	cher.
one female celebrity with a reputation for robbing the cradle is	madonna.
one thing that is always in poor taste to brag about is	money.
one thing that is always in poor taste to brag about is	love life.
one thing that is always in poor taste to brag about is	car.
one thing that is always in poor taste to brag about is	house.
one thing you would hate to be on when it breaks down is	roller coaster.
one thing you would hate to be on when it breaks down is	airplanes.
one thing you would hate to be on when it breaks down is	elevator.
one thing you would hate to be on when it breaks down is	ferris wheel.
one thing you would hate to be on when it breaks down is	car.
one thing you would hate to be on when it breaks down is	train.
one thing that floats on the water is	boat/ship.
one thing that floats on the water is	raft/air mattress.
one thing that floats on the water is	plants/flowers.
one thing that floats on the water is	people.
one thing that floats on the water is	soap.
one thing that floats on the water is	wood.
one thing you would avoid when camping in the woods is	bear.
one thing you would avoid when camping in the woods is	poison ivy.
one thing you would avoid when camping in the woods is	snakes.
one thing you would avoid when camping in the woods is	being alone.
what you know about "the terminator" is	arnold schwarzenegger.
what you know about "the terminator" is	he's a machine.
what you know about "the terminator" is	he'll be back.
what you know about "the terminator" is	governor.
what you know about "the terminator" is	it's a movie.
one thing you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day is	deodorant.
one thing you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day is	underwear.
one thing you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day is	watch/jewelry.
one thing you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day is	makeup.
one thing you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day is	socks.
one thing you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day is	belt.
one thing you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day is	false teeth.
one thing about dolphins is	they are smart.
one thing about dolphins is	they swim.
one thing about dolphins is	they are mammals.
one thing about dolphins is	they're beautiful.
one thing about dolphins is	they talk.
one thing about dolphins is	they are friendly.
one thing about dolphins is	they are graceful.
one fact about the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz is	she was green.
one fact about the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz is	water melted h....
one fact about the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz is	mean.
one fact about the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz is	she's ugly.
one fact about the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz is	black hat.
one fact about the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz is	wants slippers.
one food should a movie star avoid eating before doing a love scene is	garlic.
one food should a movie star avoid eating before doing a love scene is	onions.
one food should a movie star avoid eating before doing a love scene is	fish.
one food should a movie star avoid eating before doing a love scene is	beans.
one food should a movie star avoid eating before doing a love scene is	pizza.
one food should a movie star avoid eating before doing a love scene is	peppers.
one event might one person attend without their spouse that would make you think they broke up is	wedding.
one event might one person attend without their spouse that would make you think they broke up is	party.
one event might one person attend without their spouse that would make you think they broke up is	reunion.
one event might one person attend without their spouse that would make you think they broke up is	christmas.
one in a crime scene would an investigator check for fingerprints is	weapon.
one in a crime scene would an investigator check for fingerprints is	door knob.
one in a crime scene would an investigator check for fingerprints is	body.
one in a crime scene would an investigator check for fingerprints is	window.
one are some things truckers might take with them on a trip is	food.
one are some things truckers might take with them on a trip is	map.
one are some things truckers might take with them on a trip is	change of clothes.
one are some things truckers might take with them on a trip is	coffee.
one are some things truckers might take with them on a trip is	companion.
one are some things truckers might take with them on a trip is	music`.
one are some things truckers might take with them on a trip is	cell phone.
one's the first thing new parents buy after finding out they're having a baby is	crib.
one's the first thing new parents buy after finding out they're having a baby is	clothes.
one's the first thing new parents buy after finding out they're having a baby is	diapers.
one's the first thing new parents buy after finding out they're having a baby is	stroller.
one's the first thing new parents buy after finding out they're having a baby is	bottles.
one's the first thing new parents buy after finding out they're having a baby is	car seat.
one are some things that people send by email that they used to send through the mail is	letter.
one are some things that people send by email that they used to send through the mail is	pictures.
one are some things that people send by email that they used to send through the mail is	cards.
one are some things that people send by email that they used to send through the mail is	invitations.
one are some things that people send by email that they used to send through the mail is	bills.
one might you be afraid of while sleeping in a tent is	bears.
one might you be afraid of while sleeping in a tent is	bugs.
one might you be afraid of while sleeping in a tent is	snakes.
one might you be afraid of while sleeping in a tent is	rain.
one kind of a weather event makes the front page of the news is	hurricane.
one kind of a weather event makes the front page of the news is	snow/blizzard.
one kind of a weather event makes the front page of the news is	tornado.
one kind of a weather event makes the front page of the news is	flood.
one kind of a weather event makes the front page of the news is	earthquake.
what  would you give your daughter if you wanted to  her after a queen is	elizabeth.
what  would you give your daughter if you wanted to  her after a queen is	victoria.
what  would you give your daughter if you wanted to  her after a queen is	mary.
what  would you give your daughter if you wanted to  her after a queen is	cleopatra.
what  would you give your daughter if you wanted to  her after a queen is	anne.
one might you ask to borrow from one person at the laundromat is	detergent.
one might you ask to borrow from one person at the laundromat is	change.
one might you ask to borrow from one person at the laundromat is	dryer sheets.
one body part might a pirate need to have a doctor inspect is	eye.
one body part might a pirate need to have a doctor inspect is	leg.
one body part might a pirate need to have a doctor inspect is	hand/warm.
one body part might a pirate need to have a doctor inspect is	teeth.
one are the most popular types of flowers used in a wedding is	roses.
one are the most popular types of flowers used in a wedding is	tulips.
one are the most popular types of flowers used in a wedding is	lilies.
one are the most popular types of flowers used in a wedding is	carnations.
one are the most popular types of flowers used in a wedding is	daisies.
one one thing would you most hate to forget to pack on a trip is	clothes.
one one thing would you most hate to forget to pack on a trip is	toothbrush.
one one thing would you most hate to forget to pack on a trip is	money.
one one thing would you most hate to forget to pack on a trip is	camera.
one one thing would you most hate to forget to pack on a trip is	passport.
one might an actor do to cure stage fright is	have a drink.
one might an actor do to cure stage fright is	rehearse.
one might an actor do to cure stage fright is	imagine crowd naked.
one might an actor do to cure stage fright is	deep breaths.
one might an actor do to cure stage fright is	mediate.
one might an actor do to cure stage fright is	count to 10.
one show might you see a man on that would cause you to cancel your date with him immediately is	cops.
one show might you see a man on that would cause you to cancel your date with him immediately is	cheaters.
one show might you see a man on that would cause you to cancel your date with him immediately is	america's most wanted.
one show might you see a man on that would cause you to cancel your date with him immediately is	jerry springer.
one show might you see a man on that would cause you to cancel your date with him immediately is	the bachelor.
one orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake one person up is	trumpet.
one orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake one person up is	tuba.
one orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake one person up is	french horn.
one orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake one person up is	drums.
one orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake one person up is	cymbals.
one orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake one person up is	xylophone.
one orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake one person up is	tromebone.
one kind of nut butter could you use if you were allergic to peanuts is	almond.
one kind of nut butter could you use if you were allergic to peanuts is	hazelnut.
one kind of nut butter could you use if you were allergic to peanuts is	soy.
one kind of nut butter could you use if you were allergic to peanuts is	cashew.
one kind of nut butter could you use if you were allergic to peanuts is	walnut.
we asked women one might you get tickets for in order to entice your crush into a date is	rock concert.
we asked women one might you get tickets for in order to entice your crush into a date is	sports game.
we asked women one might you get tickets for in order to entice your crush into a date is	opera.
we asked women one might you get tickets for in order to entice your crush into a date is	ballet.
one doctor do people hate to see is	dentist.
one doctor do people hate to see is	proctocologist.
one doctor do people hate to see is	eye.
one doctor do people hate to see is	ob/gyn.
one might a wash machine do that would make you get rid of it is	stop working.
one might a wash machine do that would make you get rid of it is	leak.
one might a wash machine do that would make you get rid of it is	ruin clothes.
one might a wash machine do that would make you get rid of it is	make noise.
one might a wash machine do that would make you get rid of it is	overflow.
one might a wash machine do that would make you get rid of it is	shake.
when ordering pizza,one thing extra you might ask for is	cheese.
when ordering pizza,one thing extra you might ask for is	pepperoni.
when ordering pizza,one thing extra you might ask for is	anchovies.
when ordering pizza,one thing extra you might ask for is	mushrooms.
when ordering pizza,one thing extra you might ask for is	hamburger.
when ordering pizza,one thing extra you might ask for is	onion.
when ordering pizza,one thing extra you might ask for is	bell peppers.
one occupation might one person have if they carry a folder marked top secret is	private investigator.
one occupation might one person have if they carry a folder marked top secret is	police officer.
one occupation might one person have if they carry a folder marked top secret is	lawyer.
one occupation might one person have if they carry a folder marked top secret is	politician.
one occupation might one person have if they carry a folder marked top secret is	soldier.
one occupation might one person have if they carry a folder marked top secret is	irs.
one occupation might one person have if they carry a folder marked top secret is	doctor.
one is the most common thing people get stuck in their hair is	gum.
one is the most common thing people get stuck in their hair is	comb/brush.
one is the most common thing people get stuck in their hair is	food.
one is the most common thing people get stuck in their hair is	pencil.
one is a color that you would see on a country's flag is	red.
one is a color that you would see on a country's flag is	blue.
one is a color that you would see on a country's flag is	white.
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance one thing your mind is often distracted by instead is	job.
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance one thing your mind is often distracted by instead is	kids.
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance one thing your mind is often distracted by instead is	bills.
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance one thing your mind is often distracted by instead is	eating.
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance one thing your mind is often distracted by instead is	other men.
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance one thing your mind is often distracted by instead is	tv.
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance one thing your mind is often distracted by instead is	house.
we asked men one excuse might you make up to start a conversation with an attractive stranger at a bar is	ask for the time.
we asked men one excuse might you make up to start a conversation with an attractive stranger at a bar is	do i know you.
we asked men one excuse might you make up to start a conversation with an attractive stranger at a bar is	comment on weather.
we asked men one excuse might you make up to start a conversation with an attractive stranger at a bar is	buy a drink.
we asked men one excuse might you make up to start a conversation with an attractive stranger at a bar is	ask for directions.
Q: where do you get you christmas tree from every year? A:	store.
Q: where do you get you christmas tree from every year? A:	woods.
Q: where do you get you christmas tree from every year? A:	tree lot.
Q: where do you get you christmas tree from every year? A:	tree farm.
Q: where do you get you christmas tree from every year? A:	attic.
one style of music would be least effective to sing when putting your baby to sleep is	rock.
one style of music would be least effective to sing when putting your baby to sleep is	hip hop.
one style of music would be least effective to sing when putting your baby to sleep is	heavy metal.
one style of music would be least effective to sing when putting your baby to sleep is	classical.
one style of music would be least effective to sing when putting your baby to sleep is	jazz.
one style of music would be least effective to sing when putting your baby to sleep is	opera.
one line of work should you get into if your hairstyle is stiff and plastered with hairspray is	politician.
one line of work should you get into if your hairstyle is stiff and plastered with hairspray is	model.
one line of work should you get into if your hairstyle is stiff and plastered with hairspray is	newscaster.
one line of work should you get into if your hairstyle is stiff and plastered with hairspray is	actor.
one line of work should you get into if your hairstyle is stiff and plastered with hairspray is	hairdresser.
Q: why might one person who doesnt like reading go to the library? A:	use computer.
Q: why might one person who doesnt like reading go to the library? A:	study.
Q: why might one person who doesnt like reading go to the library? A:	meet people.
Q: why might one person who doesnt like reading go to the library? A:	research.
Q: why might one person who doesnt like reading go to the library? A:	it's quiet.
one type of product has commercials that make you want one they're selling is	food.
one type of product has commercials that make you want one they're selling is	beer.
one type of product has commercials that make you want one they're selling is	car.
one type of product has commercials that make you want one they're selling is	hair care products.
one type of product has commercials that make you want one they're selling is	toy's.
one type of product has commercials that make you want one they're selling is	make up.
Q: where do you get your christmas tree from each year? A:	store.
Q: where do you get your christmas tree from each year? A:	woods.
Q: where do you get your christmas tree from each year? A:	tree lot.
Q: where do you get your christmas tree from each year? A:	tree farm.
Q: where do you get your christmas tree from each year? A:	attic.
one olympic sport would be most fun to watch live is	swimming.
one olympic sport would be most fun to watch live is	gymnastics.
one olympic sport would be most fun to watch live is	basketball.
one olympic sport would be most fun to watch live is	hockey.
one olympic sport would be most fun to watch live is	track.
one olympic sport would be most fun to watch live is	ice skating.
one might you find out about a house that would make you back out of buying it is	haunted.
one might you find out about a house that would make you back out of buying it is	termites.
one might you find out about a house that would make you back out of buying it is	mold.
one might you find out about a house that would make you back out of buying it is	price went up.
one might you find out about a house that would make you back out of buying it is	leaky roof.
one might you find out about a house that would make you back out of buying it is	bad foundation.
when drawing a person, one specific part is the hardest to draw believably is	nose.
when drawing a person, one specific part is the hardest to draw believably is	eyes.
when drawing a person, one specific part is the hardest to draw believably is	hands.
when drawing a person, one specific part is the hardest to draw believably is	hair.
when drawing a person, one specific part is the hardest to draw believably is	mouth.
when drawing a person, one specific part is the hardest to draw believably is	feet.
one would you hate to live next to, because the noise would prevent you from sleeping is	airport.
one would you hate to live next to, because the noise would prevent you from sleeping is	train.
one would you hate to live next to, because the noise would prevent you from sleeping is	bar.
one would you hate to live next to, because the noise would prevent you from sleeping is	fire station.
one would you hate to live next to, because the noise would prevent you from sleeping is	highway.
one would you hate to live next to, because the noise would prevent you from sleeping is	dog.
we asked women if youre underdressed for a party one can you put on quickly to look dressed up is	jewelry.
we asked women if youre underdressed for a party one can you put on quickly to look dressed up is	make up.
we asked women if youre underdressed for a party one can you put on quickly to look dressed up is	jacket.
we asked women if youre underdressed for a party one can you put on quickly to look dressed up is	scarf.
we asked women if youre underdressed for a party one can you put on quickly to look dressed up is	heels.
Q: when traveling overseas, tell me the ideal amount of time to be away from home? A:	2 weeks.
Q: when traveling overseas, tell me the ideal amount of time to be away from home? A:	3 weeks.
Q: when traveling overseas, tell me the ideal amount of time to be away from home? A:	1 week.
Q: when traveling overseas, tell me the ideal amount of time to be away from home? A:	1 month.
Q: when traveling overseas, tell me the ideal amount of time to be away from home? A:	10 days.
one physical characteristics would tell you that one person was part alien is	big eyes.
one physical characteristics would tell you that one person was part alien is	green skin.
one physical characteristics would tell you that one person was part alien is	big head.
one physical characteristics would tell you that one person was part alien is	small/pointy ears.
one physical characteristics would tell you that one person was part alien is	antenna.
Q: why might you have to stop the car during a long ride? A:	use bathroom.
Q: why might you have to stop the car during a long ride? A:	get gas.
Q: why might you have to stop the car during a long ride? A:	eat.
Q: why might you have to stop the car during a long ride? A:	car trouble.
Q: why might you have to stop the car during a long ride? A:	need rest.
Q: why might you have to stop the car during a long ride? A:	car sick.
Q: why might you have to stop the car during a long ride? A:	kids fighting.
Q: who would you call first if your car broke down on the side of the road? A:	partner.
Q: who would you call first if your car broke down on the side of the road? A:	aaa.
Q: who would you call first if your car broke down on the side of the road? A:	tow truck.
Q: who would you call first if your car broke down on the side of the road? A:	911.
Q: who would you call first if your car broke down on the side of the road? A:	best friend.
Q: who would you call first if your car broke down on the side of the road? A:	parent.
one article of clothing do you suspect every farmer owns is	overalls.
one article of clothing do you suspect every farmer owns is	cowboy hat.
one article of clothing do you suspect every farmer owns is	blue jeans.
one article of clothing do you suspect every farmer owns is	boots.
one article of clothing do you suspect every farmer owns is	suspenders.
when sitting close to a date one clue might they give that they like is	holds your hand.
when sitting close to a date one clue might they give that they like is	kisses you.
when sitting close to a date one clue might they give that they like is	smiling.
when sitting close to a date one clue might they give that they like is	arm around you.
when sitting close to a date one clue might they give that they like is	move closer.
when sitting close to a date one clue might they give that they like is	looking at you.
while vacationing one might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends is	postcard.
while vacationing one might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends is	keychain.
while vacationing one might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends is	t shirt.
while vacationing one might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends is	magnet.
while vacationing one might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends is	shot glass.
while vacationing one might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends is	pen.
while vacationing one might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends is	mug.
one can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers is	religion.
one can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers is	politics.
one can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers is	sense of humor.
one can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers is	age.
one can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers is	if they have kids.
one can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers is	male/ female.
one can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers is	where they live.
one do a barber and butcher have in common is	cutting.
one do a barber and butcher have in common is	own a shop.
one do a barber and butcher have in common is	often male.
one do a barber and butcher have in common is	white coat.
one would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job is	chew gum/candy.
one would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job is	lie.
one would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job is	pass gas.
one would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job is	swear.
one would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job is	smoke.
one would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job is	sleep.
one would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job is	arrive late.
one might you see in an email that would make yo think a teen wrote it is	internet acronyms.
one might you see in an email that would make yo think a teen wrote it is	slang.
one might you see in an email that would make yo think a teen wrote it is	misspelling.
one might you see in an email that would make yo think a teen wrote it is	swearing.
one might you see in an email that would make yo think a teen wrote it is	smiley face.
one endearment would many women be annoyed to hear a stranger call them by is	honey.
one endearment would many women be annoyed to hear a stranger call them by is	baby.
one endearment would many women be annoyed to hear a stranger call them by is	sweetie.
one endearment would many women be annoyed to hear a stranger call them by is	dear.
one kind of gift would you get somebody that spends a lot of time at the beach is	towel.
one kind of gift would you get somebody that spends a lot of time at the beach is	bathing suit.
one kind of gift would you get somebody that spends a lot of time at the beach is	sun screen.
one kind of gift would you get somebody that spends a lot of time at the beach is	umbrella.
one kind of gift would you get somebody that spends a lot of time at the beach is	sunglasses.
one kind of gift would you get somebody that spends a lot of time at the beach is	beach chair.
one might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners is	burp.
one might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners is	leave.
one might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners is	spit.
one might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners is	try to kiss you.
one might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners is	swear.
one might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners is	not open door.
one might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners is	talk on phone.
when it gets chilly outside, but you don't want to turn on the heat, one do you do is	wear extra clothes.
when it gets chilly outside, but you don't want to turn on the heat, one do you do is	wrap in a blanket.
when it gets chilly outside, but you don't want to turn on the heat, one do you do is	light a fire.
when it gets chilly outside, but you don't want to turn on the heat, one do you do is	cuddle up.
when it gets chilly outside, but you don't want to turn on the heat, one do you do is	take a bath.
when it gets chilly outside, but you don't want to turn on the heat, one do you do is	drink something hot.
one might a woman have to do in order to become a supermodel is	diet.
one might a woman have to do in order to become a supermodel is	exercise.
one might a woman have to do in order to become a supermodel is	plastic surgery.
one might a woman have to do in order to become a supermodel is	get head shots.
one might a woman have to do in order to become a supermodel is	wear stylish clothes.
who or one might enter a house without using the front door is	burglar.
who or one might enter a house without using the front door is	pet.
who or one might enter a house without using the front door is	santa claus.
who or one might enter a house without using the front door is	kid/ teen.
who or one might enter a house without using the front door is	police officer.
one do people eat in the hospital is	jell o.
one do people eat in the hospital is	soup.
one do people eat in the hospital is	ice cream.
one do people eat in the hospital is	pudding.
one do people eat in the hospital is	apple sauce.
Q: why might a family move into a bigger house? A:	family has grown.
Q: why might a family move into a bigger house? A:	want more space.
Q: why might a family move into a bigger house? A:	can afford more.
one is a word people often use in place of "onechamacallit" is	thing-a-ma-jig.
one is a word people often use in place of "onechamacallit" is	thingy.
one is a word people often use in place of "onechamacallit" is	thing-a-ma-bob.
one would a single guy have to learn about laundry is	mixing colors.
one would a single guy have to learn about laundry is	soap.
what's the first thing that comes to mind when you heat the  elvis presley is	music.
what's the first thing that comes to mind when you heat the  elvis presley is	the king.
what's the first thing that comes to mind when you heat the  elvis presley is	singer.
what's the first thing that comes to mind when you heat the  elvis presley is	he's dead.
what's the first thing that comes to mind when you heat the  elvis presley is	hips.
what's the first thing that comes to mind when you heat the  elvis presley is	polyester suits.
one happens to fairy tale princesses, but not to most regular people in love is	happily ever after.
one happens to fairy tale princesses, but not to most regular people in love is	princess charming.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd like to swap with your neighbor is	car.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd like to swap with your neighbor is	wife.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd like to swap with your neighbor is	house.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd like to swap with your neighbor is	movies.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd like to swap with your neighbor is	recipes.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd like to swap with your neighbor is	yard.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd like to swap with your neighbor is	gossip/news.
one occupation do you think make you not necessarily the richest, but the happiest is	teacher.
one occupation do you think make you not necessarily the richest, but the happiest is	housewife.
one occupation do you think make you not necessarily the richest, but the happiest is	entrepreneur.
one occupation do you think make you not necessarily the richest, but the happiest is	animal care.
one occupation do you think make you not necessarily the richest, but the happiest is	musician.
one occupation do you think make you not necessarily the richest, but the happiest is	nurse.
one are a couch potato's favorite hobbies is	watch tv.
one are a couch potato's favorite hobbies is	eating.
one are a couch potato's favorite hobbies is	sleeping.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing specific under the car's hood that you can identify is	battery.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing specific under the car's hood that you can identify is	engine/motor.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing specific under the car's hood that you can identify is	radiator.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing specific under the car's hood that you can identify is	carburetor.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing specific under the car's hood that you can identify is	dipstick.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing specific under the car's hood that you can identify is	oil tank/cap.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing specific under the car's hood that you can identify is	air-conditioning.
one breed of dog might be called "precious" is	poodle.
one breed of dog might be called "precious" is	chihuahua.
one breed of dog might be called "precious" is	cocker spaniel.
one breed of dog might be called "precious" is	pekingese.
one breed of dog might be called "precious" is	shih tzu.
one food are you most likely to pig out on is	meat.
one food are you most likely to pig out on is	ice cream.
one food are you most likely to pig out on is	fish.
one food are you most likely to pig out on is	pizza.
one food are you most likely to pig out on is	candy.
one food are you most likely to pig out on is	chips.
one do you eat that has a hole in the middle is	donut.
one do you eat that has a hole in the middle is	bagel.
one do you eat that has a hole in the middle is	cereal.
one do you eat that has a hole in the middle is	hard candy.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing a man can do better than a woman can is	fix stuff/cars.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing a man can do better than a woman can is	sports.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing a man can do better than a woman can is	lift things.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing a man can do better than a woman can is	nothing.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing a man can do better than a woman can is	drive.
Q: where might you be if one person asks "room for one more? A:	taxi/car.
Q: where might you be if one person asks "room for one more? A:	elevator.
Q: where might you be if one person asks "room for one more? A:	public transit.
Q: where might you be if one person asks "room for one more? A:	restaurant.
Q: where might you be if one person asks "room for one more? A:	bar.
while the rich get richer, one thing everyone else is having trouble affording is	housing.
while the rich get richer, one thing everyone else is having trouble affording is	food.
while the rich get richer, one thing everyone else is having trouble affording is	car.
while the rich get richer, one thing everyone else is having trouble affording is	gas.
while the rich get richer, one thing everyone else is having trouble affording is	taxes.
while the rich get richer, one thing everyone else is having trouble affording is	television.
while the rich get richer, one thing everyone else is having trouble affording is	schooling.
we surveyed 100 married womenif you didn't cook for your husband, one would he do is	cook for himself.
we surveyed 100 married womenif you didn't cook for your husband, one would he do is	order out.
we surveyed 100 married womenif you didn't cook for your husband, one would he do is	complain/get mad.
we surveyed 100 married womenif you didn't cook for your husband, one would he do is	starve.
we surveyed 100 married womenif you didn't cook for your husband, one would he do is	go to his mom's.
one excuses would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework is	"dog ate it".
one excuses would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework is	"forgot".
one excuses would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework is	"was sick".
one excuses would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework is	"lost it".
one excuses would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework is	don't have books.
one excuses would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework is	"computer broke".
one command should a horse understand before you ride it is	stop.
one command should a horse understand before you ride it is	giddy up.
one command should a horse understand before you ride it is	slow down.
one command should a horse understand before you ride it is	stay still.
while in flight one would you hate to see the pilot doing instead of flying the plane is	napping.
while in flight one would you hate to see the pilot doing instead of flying the plane is	drinking.
while in flight one would you hate to see the pilot doing instead of flying the plane is	using phone.
while in flight one would you hate to see the pilot doing instead of flying the plane is	reading.
while in flight one would you hate to see the pilot doing instead of flying the plane is	snacking.
while in flight one would you hate to see the pilot doing instead of flying the plane is	socializing in cabin.
when you go to a party, one good excuse to give as your exit strategy is	emergency.
when you go to a party, one good excuse to give as your exit strategy is	i'm tired.
when you go to a party, one good excuse to give as your exit strategy is	check on kids.
when you go to a party, one good excuse to give as your exit strategy is	feel sick.
when you go to a party, one good excuse to give as your exit strategy is	waking up early.
when you go to a party, one good excuse to give as your exit strategy is	other engagement.
when you sneak out of work and get caught,  the reason you give for leaving is	"felt sick".
when you sneak out of work and get caught,  the reason you give for leaving is	family/emergency.
when you sneak out of work and get caught,  the reason you give for leaving is	dr./dentist appt..
when you sneak out of work and get caught,  the reason you give for leaving is	get a bite/lunch.
when you sneak out of work and get caught,  the reason you give for leaving is	"went to smoke".
we surveyed 100 married womenone part of your husband's body you think is cute is	tush.
we surveyed 100 married womenone part of your husband's body you think is cute is	chest.
we surveyed 100 married womenone part of your husband's body you think is cute is	smile/lips.
we surveyed 100 married womenone part of your husband's body you think is cute is	eyes.
we surveyed 100 married womenone part of your husband's body you think is cute is	legs.
one city in america charges the most for parking is	new york.
one city in america charges the most for parking is	los angeles.
one city in america charges the most for parking is	san francisco.
one city in america charges the most for parking is	chicago.
one city in america charges the most for parking is	washington dc.
one would you do if you saw a ghost is	scream.
one would you do if you saw a ghost is	talk to it.
one would you do if you saw a ghost is	run.
one would you do if you saw a ghost is	pray.
one would you do if you saw a ghost is	faint.
one would you do if you saw a ghost is	pinch myself.
one might a man keep in his wallet is	money.
one might a man keep in his wallet is	driver's license.
one might a man keep in his wallet is	credit card.
one might a man keep in his wallet is	receipts.
one might a man keep in his wallet is	family photos.
we surveyed 100 married womenwhen your husband is in the mood for love, one are you in the mood for is	sleep.
we surveyed 100 married womenwhen your husband is in the mood for love, one are you in the mood for is	love.
we surveyed 100 married womenwhen your husband is in the mood for love, one are you in the mood for is	food.
we surveyed 100 married womenwhen your husband is in the mood for love, one are you in the mood for is	watch tv.
one do most people look forward to doing on sunday morning is	sleeping/relaxing.
one do most people look forward to doing on sunday morning is	going to church.
one do most people look forward to doing on sunday morning is	reading newspaper.
one do most people look forward to doing on sunday morning is	watching tv.
while salaries have gone down, one thing that's gone up is	gas prices.
while salaries have gone down, one thing that's gone up is	food prices.
while salaries have gone down, one thing that's gone up is	the cost of living.
while salaries have gone down, one thing that's gone up is	inflation.
while salaries have gone down, one thing that's gone up is	taxes.
while salaries have gone down, one thing that's gone up is	debt.
while salaries have gone down, one thing that's gone up is	unemployment.
while salaries have gone down, one thing that's gone up is	anger.
we surveyed 100 menif you wanted to be a ladies' man, one thing you would need is	big bucks.
we surveyed 100 menif you wanted to be a ladies' man, one thing you would need is	flashy car.
we surveyed 100 menif you wanted to be a ladies' man, one thing you would need is	charm/gift of gab.
we surveyed 100 menif you wanted to be a ladies' man, one thing you would need is	have buff bod.
we surveyed 100 menif you wanted to be a ladies' man, one thing you would need is	have a good job.
we surveyed 100 menif you wanted to be a ladies' man, one thing you would need is	handsome face.
we surveyed 100 menif you wanted to be a ladies' man, one thing you would need is	fine threads.
one's the shabbiest thing you own is	clothes.
one's the shabbiest thing you own is	car.
one's the shabbiest thing you own is	furniture.
one's the shabbiest thing you own is	family member.
one's the shabbiest thing you own is	room.
one's the shabbiest thing you own is	curtains.
when you really think about it, one's something you are lucky to have is	family.
when you really think about it, one's something you are lucky to have is	health.
when you really think about it, one's something you are lucky to have is	home.
when you really think about it, one's something you are lucky to have is	my life.
when you really think about it, one's something you are lucky to have is	friends.
when you really think about it, one's something you are lucky to have is	education.
one would you find at a frat party is	alcohol.
one would you find at a frat party is	keg.
one would you find at a frat party is	college students.
one would you find at a frat party is	drinking games.
we surveyed 100 womenone beautiful actress whose luck with men is just as bad as yours is	jennifer lopez.
we surveyed 100 womenone beautiful actress whose luck with men is just as bad as yours is	halle berry.
we surveyed 100 womenone beautiful actress whose luck with men is just as bad as yours is	liz taylor.
we surveyed 100 womenone beautiful actress whose luck with men is just as bad as yours is	angelina jolie.
we surveyed 100 womenone beautiful actress whose luck with men is just as bad as yours is	jennifer aniston.
we surveyed 100 womenone beautiful actress whose luck with men is just as bad as yours is	julia roberts.
one is one of the first things a pirate learns to do is	sailing.
one is one of the first things a pirate learns to do is	fighting.
one is one of the first things a pirate learns to do is	stealing.
one is one of the first things a pirate learns to do is	saying arr.
one is one of the first things a pirate learns to do is	swimming.
one's a very female hobby is	shopping.
one's a very female hobby is	sewing.
one's a very female hobby is	knitting.
one's a very female hobby is	netball.
one's a very female hobby is	fashion.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you do for yourself before a special date with a man is	long bath/shower.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you do for yourself before a special date with a man is	get hair done.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you do for yourself before a special date with a man is	buy new outfit.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you do for yourself before a special date with a man is	soak toes.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you do for yourself before a special date with a man is	get manicure.
we surveyed 100 married menone of the seven dwarfs describes your wife in bed is	happy.
we surveyed 100 married menone of the seven dwarfs describes your wife in bed is	sleepy.
we surveyed 100 married menone of the seven dwarfs describes your wife in bed is	bashful.
we surveyed 100 married menone of the seven dwarfs describes your wife in bed is	grumpy.
we surveyed 100 married menone of the seven dwarfs describes your wife in bed is	dopey.
one would you be surprised if it was not at a birthday party is	cake.
one would you be surprised if it was not at a birthday party is	presents.
one would you be surprised if it was not at a birthday party is	balloons.
one kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in is	computer.
one kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in is	chess.
one kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in is	debate.
one kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in is	glee club.
one kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in is	boy scouts.
one kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in is	math.
one kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in is	science.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing men talk about that you pretend to be interested in is	sports.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing men talk about that you pretend to be interested in is	cars.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing men talk about that you pretend to be interested in is	jobs/work.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing men talk about that you pretend to be interested in is	sex.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing men talk about that you pretend to be interested in is	politics.
Q: we surveyed 100 married womentell me one word that always gets a man's attention? A:	sex.
Q: we surveyed 100 married womentell me one word that always gets a man's attention? A:	money.
Q: we surveyed 100 married womentell me one word that always gets a man's attention? A:	food.
Q: we surveyed 100 married womentell me one word that always gets a man's attention? A:	dinner.
Q: we surveyed 100 married womentell me one word that always gets a man's attention? A:	beer.
Q: we surveyed 100 married womentell me one word that always gets a man's attention? A:	honey.
one do you do to help out the less fortunate at the holidays is	give money.
one do you do to help out the less fortunate at the holidays is	donate canned goods.
one do you do to help out the less fortunate at the holidays is	serve meals.
one do you do to help out the less fortunate at the holidays is	donate toys.
one do you do to help out the less fortunate at the holidays is	invite to dinner.
Q: where is it important to know all the words to a song? A:	place of worship.
Q: where is it important to know all the words to a song? A:	karaoke bar.
Q: where is it important to know all the words to a song? A:	pageant.
Q: where is it important to know all the words to a song? A:	sports game.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that your husband has bad taste in is	his clothes/shoes.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that your husband has bad taste in is	home decor.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that your husband has bad taste in is	gift choices.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that your husband has bad taste in is	food/restaurants.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that your husband has bad taste in is	friends.
one's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket is	yell/jump for joy.
one's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket is	cash it.
one's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket is	spend/share it.
one's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket is	faint.
one's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket is	call family.
one's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket is	hide/put away.
one's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket is	call lawyer.
one first lady stated, "i don't think there are any men who are faithful to their wives" is	hillary clinton.
one first lady stated, "i don't think there are any men who are faithful to their wives" is	jackie kennedy.
one first lady stated, "i don't think there are any men who are faithful to their wives" is	nancy reagan.
one first lady stated, "i don't think there are any men who are faithful to their wives" is	eleanor roosevelt.
one first lady stated, "i don't think there are any men who are faithful to their wives" is	laura bush.
Q: where is the last place you would want to spend your weekend? A:	work.
Q: where is the last place you would want to spend your weekend? A:	jail.
Q: where is the last place you would want to spend your weekend? A:	hospital.
Q: where is the last place you would want to spend your weekend? A:	home.
Q: where is the last place you would want to spend your weekend? A:	church.
Q: we surveyed 100 11-year-oldssomething your mom is always telling you it's time to do? A:	clean room/bed.
Q: we surveyed 100 11-year-oldssomething your mom is always telling you it's time to do? A:	chores.
Q: we surveyed 100 11-year-oldssomething your mom is always telling you it's time to do? A:	go to bed.
Q: we surveyed 100 11-year-oldssomething your mom is always telling you it's time to do? A:	bathe/wash up.
Q: we surveyed 100 11-year-oldssomething your mom is always telling you it's time to do? A:	homework.
one breed of dog do you think eats the most is	st. bernard.
one breed of dog do you think eats the most is	pit bull.
one breed of dog do you think eats the most is	german shepherd.
one breed of dog do you think eats the most is	rottweiler.
one breed of dog do you think eats the most is	great dane.
we surveyed 100 womenone do you do when you discover there's a mouse in the house is	set trap.
we surveyed 100 womenone do you do when you discover there's a mouse in the house is	scream.
we surveyed 100 womenone do you do when you discover there's a mouse in the house is	get a cat.
we surveyed 100 womenone do you do when you discover there's a mouse in the house is	run/leave house.
we surveyed 100 womenone do you do when you discover there's a mouse in the house is	call someone/ext..
we surveyed 100 womenone do you do when you discover there's a mouse in the house is	jump on chair/bed.
one is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight is	stretch.
one is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight is	find bathroom.
one is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight is	get luggage.
one is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight is	thank god.
one is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight is	smoke.
one is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight is	find family/friend.
one is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight is	have a drink.
when kids don't want to go to school, one illness that's easy for them to fake is	stomach ache.
when kids don't want to go to school, one illness that's easy for them to fake is	sore throat.
when kids don't want to go to school, one illness that's easy for them to fake is	fever.
when kids don't want to go to school, one illness that's easy for them to fake is	cold.
when kids don't want to go to school, one illness that's easy for them to fake is	headache.
when kids complain that they're bored, one thing parents tell them to do is	play.
when kids complain that they're bored, one thing parents tell them to do is	chores.
when kids complain that they're bored, one thing parents tell them to do is	read book.
when kids complain that they're bored, one thing parents tell them to do is	homework.
when kids complain that they're bored, one thing parents tell them to do is	watch tv.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it is	talking/arguing.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it is	shopping.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it is	bathing/bathroom.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it is	sleeping.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it is	eating.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it is	watching tv/movie.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it is	fixing hair.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing you get every single valentine's day is	card.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing you get every single valentine's day is	kiss/love.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing you get every single valentine's day is	flowers.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing you get every single valentine's day is	candy/chocolate.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing you get every single valentine's day is	dinner.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing you get every single valentine's day is	cologne.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing you get every single valentine's day is	tie.
one are some things that parents do to care for a sick child is	give medicine.
one are some things that parents do to care for a sick child is	make soup.
one are some things that parents do to care for a sick child is	take them to the doctor.
one are some things that parents do to care for a sick child is	take temp.
one are some things that parents do to care for a sick child is	cuddle.
we surveyed 100 married womenone reason you'd sleep in a separate bed is	angry.
we surveyed 100 married womenone reason you'd sleep in a separate bed is	snoring.
we surveyed 100 married womenone reason you'd sleep in a separate bed is	sick.
we surveyed 100 married womenone reason you'd sleep in a separate bed is	no desire hubby.
we surveyed 100 married womenone reason you'd sleep in a separate bed is	don't like a/c.
one was the greatest band of the 1990's is	aerosmith.
one was the greatest band of the 1990's is	backstreet boys.
one was the greatest band of the 1990's is	goo goo dolls.
one was the greatest band of the 1990's is	nirvana.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you compliment a man on just to feed his ego is	his looks.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you compliment a man on just to feed his ego is	his clothes.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you compliment a man on just to feed his ego is	good body/strong.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you compliment a man on just to feed his ego is	great personality.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you compliment a man on just to feed his ego is	he smells good.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you compliment a man on just to feed his ego is	his brain.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you compliment a man on just to feed his ego is	his job.
when it comes to raising kids, one's the one thing you need the most of is	patience.
when it comes to raising kids, one's the one thing you need the most of is	love.
when it comes to raising kids, one's the one thing you need the most of is	money.
when it comes to raising kids, one's the one thing you need the most of is	time.
when it comes to raising kids, one's the one thing you need the most of is	discipline.
when it comes to raising kids, one's the one thing you need the most of is	food.
one's the worst thing that could happen just as company is about to arrive for dinner is	food burns.
one's the worst thing that could happen just as company is about to arrive for dinner is	power goes out.
one's the worst thing that could happen just as company is about to arrive for dinner is	drop the food.
one's the worst thing that could happen just as company is about to arrive for dinner is	stove breaks.
one's the worst thing that could happen just as company is about to arrive for dinner is	toilet overflows.
at a rock concert one thing people do when a song is over is	clap.
at a rock concert one thing people do when a song is over is	scream.
at a rock concert one thing people do when a song is over is	go home.
at a rock concert one thing people do when a song is over is	call for encore.
at a rock concert one thing people do when a song is over is	sit down.
according to fairly tales, one way to meet prince charming is	kiss a frog.
according to fairly tales, one way to meet prince charming is	fall fast asleep.
according to fairly tales, one way to meet prince charming is	go to a ball.
according to fairly tales, one way to meet prince charming is	lose your shoe.
at the end of a work day, one thing you're usually tired of is	paperwork.
at the end of a work day, one thing you're usually tired of is	people.
at the end of a work day, one thing you're usually tired of is	standing/sitting.
at the end of a work day, one thing you're usually tired of is	boss.
at the end of a work day, one thing you're usually tired of is	talking.
at the end of a work day, one thing you're usually tired of is	computer.
a young person fights for their right to party one might an old person fight for the right to do is	sleep.
a young person fights for their right to party one might an old person fight for the right to do is	vote.
a young person fights for their right to party one might an old person fight for the right to do is	retire.
a young person fights for their right to party one might an old person fight for the right to do is	keep license.
a young person fights for their right to party one might an old person fight for the right to do is	get social security.
aside from other movie stars one common profession for movie star spouses is	model.
aside from other movie stars one common profession for movie star spouses is	director.
aside from other movie stars one common profession for movie star spouses is	singer.
aside from other movie stars one common profession for movie star spouses is	hollywood manager.
aside from other movie stars one common profession for movie star spouses is	athlete.
aside from other movie stars one common profession for movie star spouses is	producer.
aside from other movie stars one common profession for movie star spouses is	writer.
at the end of the day, one thing indiana jones might put away in his closet is	hat.
at the end of the day, one thing indiana jones might put away in his closet is	whip.
at the end of the day, one thing indiana jones might put away in his closet is	knife.
at the end of the day, one thing indiana jones might put away in his closet is	gun.
as harry potter gets older, one part of his body that gets more hairy is	face.
as harry potter gets older, one part of his body that gets more hairy is	chest.
as harry potter gets older, one part of his body that gets more hairy is	arm.
as harry potter gets older, one part of his body that gets more hairy is	ears.
as harry potter gets older, one part of his body that gets more hairy is	head.
as harry potter gets older, one part of his body that gets more hairy is	back.
according to men one thing a women would have a hard time going a whole week without doing is	cleaning.
according to men one thing a women would have a hard time going a whole week without doing is	hair.
according to men one thing a women would have a hard time going a whole week without doing is	talking.
according to men one thing a women would have a hard time going a whole week without doing is	shopping.
according to men one thing a women would have a hard time going a whole week without doing is	cooking.
according to men one thing a women would have a hard time going a whole week without doing is	watching tv.
a man divorces after 25 years of marriage one thing that will be different about dating now is	expense.
a man divorces after 25 years of marriage one thing that will be different about dating now is	independent w.
a man divorces after 25 years of marriage one thing that will be different about dating now is	who pays.
a man divorces after 25 years of marriage one thing that will be different about dating now is	internet.
a man divorces after 25 years of marriage one thing that will be different about dating now is	age differences.
at a concert one might a woman wave at her favorite rockstar is	undergarments.
at a concert one might a woman wave at her favorite rockstar is	hands.
at a concert one might a woman wave at her favorite rockstar is	sign.
at a concert one might a woman wave at her favorite rockstar is	lighter.
a family man buys food in bulk one thing a single guy buys in bulk is	lube/ky jelly.
a family man buys food in bulk one thing a single guy buys in bulk is	jewelry.
a family man buys food in bulk one thing a single guy buys in bulk is	roses.
a family man buys food in bulk one thing a single guy buys in bulk is	pabst/booze.
a family man buys food in bulk one thing a single guy buys in bulk is	boner bonnets.
a family man buys food in bulk one thing a single guy buys in bulk is	food/frozen meals.
a family man buys food in bulk one thing a single guy buys in bulk is	toilet paper.
a family man buys food in bulk one thing a single guy buys in bulk is	undies/clothes.
at a nightclub one would you hate to be doing when the music suddenly stopped is	dancing.
at a nightclub one would you hate to be doing when the music suddenly stopped is	singing along.
at a nightclub one would you hate to be doing when the music suddenly stopped is	screaming.
at a nightclub one would you hate to be doing when the music suddenly stopped is	smooching.
besides thanksgiving one holiday you celebrate with a lot of food is	christmas.
besides thanksgiving one holiday you celebrate with a lot of food is	easter.
besides thanksgiving one holiday you celebrate with a lot of food is	fourth of july.
besides thanksgiving one holiday you celebrate with a lot of food is	new years.
besides thanksgiving one holiday you celebrate with a lot of food is	memorial day.
besides thanksgiving one holiday you celebrate with a lot of food is	hanukkah.
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco one thing that people get addicted to is	love.
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco one thing that people get addicted to is	gambling.
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco one thing that people get addicted to is	coffee.
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco one thing that people get addicted to is	eating.
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco one thing that people get addicted to is	tv.
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco one thing that people get addicted to is	chocolate.
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco one thing that people get addicted to is	internet.
besides a bird, one animal that has claws is	cat.
besides a bird, one animal that has claws is	bear.
besides a bird, one animal that has claws is	tiger.
besides a bird, one animal that has claws is	lion.
besides a bird, one animal that has claws is	dog.
besides a bird, one animal that has claws is	bat.
besides dancing, one thing people do on the dance floor is	talk.
besides dancing, one thing people do on the dance floor is	sing.
besides dancing, one thing people do on the dance floor is	kiss.
besides dancing, one thing people do on the dance floor is	drink.
besides clothes,one thing the 50 foot woman might have trouble finding in her size is	shoes.
besides clothes,one thing the 50 foot woman might have trouble finding in her size is	car.
besides clothes,one thing the 50 foot woman might have trouble finding in her size is	a 50 foot man.
besides clothes,one thing the 50 foot woman might have trouble finding in her size is	bed.
besides clothes,one thing the 50 foot woman might have trouble finding in her size is	sunglasses.
besides clothes,one thing the 50 foot woman might have trouble finding in her size is	house.
besides coughing, one's something you can't stop yourself from doing is	sneezing.
besides coughing, one's something you can't stop yourself from doing is	getting hiccups.
besides coughing, one's something you can't stop yourself from doing is	breathing.
besides coughing, one's something you can't stop yourself from doing is	blinking.
besides coughing, one's something you can't stop yourself from doing is	laughing.
besides coughing, one's something you can't stop yourself from doing is	eating/drinking.
besides their kids, one thing that might keep new parents awake at night is	dog.
besides their kids, one thing that might keep new parents awake at night is	each other.
besides their kids, one thing that might keep new parents awake at night is	tv.
besides their kids, one thing that might keep new parents awake at night is	worry.
besides the star,  one person that might ride in a rock star's tour bus is	manager.
besides the star,  one person that might ride in a rock star's tour bus is	driver.
besides the star,  one person that might ride in a rock star's tour bus is	groupies.
besides the star,  one person that might ride in a rock star's tour bus is	band.
besides the star,  one person that might ride in a rock star's tour bus is	agent.
besides the star,  one person that might ride in a rock star's tour bus is	journalist.
besides the star,  one person that might ride in a rock star's tour bus is	bodyguard.
besides your plane ticket, one thing you can spend money on at an airport is	food/drink.
besides your plane ticket, one thing you can spend money on at an airport is	magazine/paper.
besides your plane ticket, one thing you can spend money on at an airport is	souveniers.
besides your plane ticket, one thing you can spend money on at an airport is	luggage fee.
besides your plane ticket, one thing you can spend money on at an airport is	parking.
besides swimming one thing people do to stay cool in the summer is	cold drinks.
besides swimming one thing people do to stay cool in the summer is	eat ice cream.
besides swimming one thing people do to stay cool in the summer is	use a fan.
besides swimming one thing people do to stay cool in the summer is	cold shower.
besides swimming one thing people do to stay cool in the summer is	air conditioning.
besides swimming one thing people do to stay cool in the summer is	sit in shade.
besides dishes and utensils one else do you need to host a fancy dinner party is	fancy food.
besides dishes and utensils one else do you need to host a fancy dinner party is	wine.
besides dishes and utensils one else do you need to host a fancy dinner party is	napkins.
besides dishes and utensils one else do you need to host a fancy dinner party is	candles.
besides dishes and utensils one else do you need to host a fancy dinner party is	cocktail glasses.
besides dishes and utensils one else do you need to host a fancy dinner party is	flowers.
besides dishes and utensils one else do you need to host a fancy dinner party is	music.
besides sleep, one thing you'd rather do with the time you spend commuting to and from work is	read.
besides sleep, one thing you'd rather do with the time you spend commuting to and from work is	eat.
besides sleep, one thing you'd rather do with the time you spend commuting to and from work is	watch tv.
besides sleep, one thing you'd rather do with the time you spend commuting to and from work is	make love.
besides sleep, one thing you'd rather do with the time you spend commuting to and from work is	play games.
besides sleep, one thing you'd rather do with the time you spend commuting to and from work is	shop.
besides football games, one event that might be held in a football stadium is	baseball.
besides football games, one event that might be held in a football stadium is	concert.
besides cd's, one thing a music store might sell is	dvd's.
besides cd's, one thing a music store might sell is	mp3 players.
besides richard karn, one famous richard is	richard nixon.
besides richard karn, one famous richard is	richard gere.
besides richard karn, one famous richard is	richard burton.
besides richard karn, one famous richard is	richard pryor.
besides richard karn, one famous richard is	richard dawson.
besides snow, one thing you would need to make a snowman is	carrot.
besides snow, one thing you would need to make a snowman is	coal.
besides snow, one thing you would need to make a snowman is	hat.
besides fly,  soemthing birds do a lot of is	poo.
besides fly,  soemthing birds do a lot of is	eat.
besides people, one thing that has been sent into space is	monkey.
besides people, one thing that has been sent into space is	satellite.
besides people, one thing that has been sent into space is	rocket.
besides people, one thing that has been sent into space is	space shuttle.
besides your family,  one person you see regularly is	coworker.
besides your family,  one person you see regularly is	neighbor.
besides your family,  one person you see regularly is	friend.
besides your family,  one person you see regularly is	doctor.
besides hamburger, one ingredient you'd find in hamburger helper is	noodles.
besides hamburger, one ingredient you'd find in hamburger helper is	cheese.
besides bread, one thing you put in the toaster is	bagels.
besides bread, one thing you put in the toaster is	pop tarts.
besides the bed one thing you and your partner usually stick to your own sides of is	couch.
besides the bed one thing you and your partner usually stick to your own sides of is	car.
besides the bed one thing you and your partner usually stick to your own sides of is	dinner table.
besides the bed one thing you and your partner usually stick to your own sides of is	closet/dresser.
besides another person, one thing else you've kissed is	pet.
besides another person, one thing else you've kissed is	photograph.
besides another person, one thing else you've kissed is	stuffed animal.
besides another person, one thing else you've kissed is	the ground.
besides another person, one thing else you've kissed is	rabbit's foot.
besides water, one liquid used in cooking is	oil.
besides water, one liquid used in cooking is	milk.
besides water, one liquid used in cooking is	wine.
besides water, one liquid used in cooking is	broth.
besides a baby, one thing you might see in a crib is	blanket.
besides a baby, one thing you might see in a crib is	toys.
besides a baby, one thing you might see in a crib is	teddy.
besides a baby, one thing you might see in a crib is	rattle.
besides a baby, one thing you might see in a crib is	pillow.
besides a clock or a watch, one in your home displays the time is	vcr.
besides a clock or a watch, one in your home displays the time is	microwave.
besides a clock or a watch, one in your home displays the time is	stove.
besides a clock or a watch, one in your home displays the time is	radio.
besides a clock or a watch, one in your home displays the time is	tv.
during an argument one might a teen do that makes their parents really angry is	yell.
during an argument one might a teen do that makes their parents really angry is	swear.
during an argument one might a teen do that makes their parents really angry is	slam doors.
during an argument one might a teen do that makes their parents really angry is	talk back.
during an argument one might a teen do that makes their parents really angry is	walk away.
during an argument one might a teen do that makes their parents really angry is	say i hate you.
during an argument one might a teen do that makes their parents really angry is	roll eyes.
Q: describe a bad occupation for one person who can't swim? A:	lifeguard.
Q: describe a bad occupation for one person who can't swim? A:	sailor.
Q: describe a bad occupation for one person who can't swim? A:	diver.
Q: describe a bad occupation for one person who can't swim? A:	swimming instructor.
Q: describe a bad occupation for one person who can't swim? A:	fisherman.
even though its a beautiful place to visit one reason why you might not want to live in hawaii is	far away.
even though its a beautiful place to visit one reason why you might not want to live in hawaii is	rains too much.
even though its a beautiful place to visit one reason why you might not want to live in hawaii is	expensive.
even though its a beautiful place to visit one reason why you might not want to live in hawaii is	crowded.
even though he's normally jolly, one gripe santa claus might have about a house he's delivering toys to is	small chimney.
even though he's normally jolly, one gripe santa claus might have about a house he's delivering toys to is	no cookies.
Q: finish this sentence i'd never stay in a hotel that didn't have _____? A:	a bed.
Q: finish this sentence i'd never stay in a hotel that didn't have _____? A:	room service.
Q: finish this sentence i'd never stay in a hotel that didn't have _____? A:	running water.
Q: finish this sentence i'd never stay in a hotel that didn't have _____? A:	a tv.
Q: finish this sentence i'd never stay in a hotel that didn't have _____? A:	a pool.
Q: finish this sentence i'd never stay in a hotel that didn't have _____? A:	internet.
Q: finish this sentence since i got married i have more? A:	money.
Q: finish this sentence since i got married i have more? A:	romance.
Q: finish this sentence since i got married i have more? A:	kids.
Q: finish this sentence since i got married i have more? A:	stress.
Q: finish this sentence since i got married i have more? A:	bills.
Q: finish this sentence since i got married i have more? A:	fun.
Q: finish this sentence since i got married i have more? A:	weight.
fact or fiction, one famous james is	james bond.
fact or fiction, one famous james is	james brown.
fact or fiction, one famous james is	james dean.
fact or fiction, one famous james is	james stewart.
fact or fiction, one famous james is	jesse james.
fact or fiction, one famous james is	james garner.
Q: fill in the blank whoever said money can't buy happiness never owned a _____? A:	mansion.
Q: fill in the blank whoever said money can't buy happiness never owned a _____? A:	sportscar.
Q: fill in the blank whoever said money can't buy happiness never owned a _____? A:	yacht.
Q: fill in the blank whoever said money can't buy happiness never owned a _____? A:	dog.
Q: fill in the blank whoever said money can't buy happiness never owned a _____? A:	penny.
Q: fill in the blank whoever said money can't buy happiness never owned a _____? A:	big-screen tv.
for one occasion in your life were you most nervous is	wedding.
for one occasion in your life were you most nervous is	having a baby.
for one occasion in your life were you most nervous is	graduation.
for one occasion in your life were you most nervous is	job interview.
for one occasion in your life were you most nervous is	surgery.
for one occasion in your life were you most nervous is	test.
Q: finish this sentence thanksgiving, not a good day to ___? A:	diet.
Q: finish this sentence thanksgiving, not a good day to ___? A:	work.
Q: finish this sentence thanksgiving, not a good day to ___? A:	get sick.
Q: finish this sentence thanksgiving, not a good day to ___? A:	fight.
Q: finish this sentence thanksgiving, not a good day to ___? A:	sleep.
Q: finish this sentence thanksgiving, not a good day to ___? A:	shop.
Q: finish this sentence thanksgiving, not a good day to ___? A:	travel.
Q: fill in this blank i'll never forget my first ____? A:	kiss.
Q: fill in this blank i'll never forget my first ____? A:	date/love.
Q: fill in this blank i'll never forget my first ____? A:	car.
Q: fill in this blank i'll never forget my first ____? A:	job.
one word that follows 'over the ' is	hill.
one word that follows 'over the ' is	rainbow.
one word that follows 'over the ' is	moon.
one word that follows 'over the ' is	top.
one reason why friends might have a falling out is	money.
one reason why friends might have a falling out is	children.
one reason why friends might have a falling out is	marriage.
one reason why friends might have a falling out is	move away.
one reason why friends might have a falling out is	fighting.
one slang term for one person who's afraid is	scaredy-cat.
one slang term for one person who's afraid is	chicken.
one slang term for one person who's afraid is	punk.
one slang term for one person who's afraid is	coward.
one slang term for one person who's afraid is	sissy.
one word or phrase that contains the word "belly" is	belly dancer.
one word or phrase that contains the word "belly" is	belly button.
one word or phrase that contains the word "belly" is	belly-up/to bar.
one word or phrase that contains the word "belly" is	bellyache.
one word or phrase that contains the word "belly" is	jelly belly.
Q: give me the title of a movie nicole kidman has been in? A:	bewitched.
Q: give me the title of a movie nicole kidman has been in? A:	the others.
Q: give me the title of a movie nicole kidman has been in? A:	moulin rouge.
Q: give me the title of a movie nicole kidman has been in? A:	eyes wide shut.
Q: give me the title of a movie nicole kidman has been in? A:	batman forever.
Q: give me the title of a movie nicole kidman has been in? A:	the interpreter.
one song with the word "moon" in the title is	moon river.
one song with the word "moon" in the title is	blue moon.
one song with the word "moon" in the title is	moon over miami.
one song with the word "moon" in the title is	by...silvery moon.
one song with the word "moon" in the title is	harvest moon.
Q: give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car? A:	ticket.
Q: give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car? A:	flat tire.
Q: give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car? A:	broken glass.
Q: give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car? A:	dent/car hit.
Q: give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car? A:	scratches.
Q: give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car? A:	bird poop.
Q: give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car? A:	not there.
Q: how do you know that youre tuned into a country radio station? A:	instruments.
Q: how do you know that youre tuned into a country radio station? A:	announcer's voice.
Q: how do you know that youre tuned into a country radio station? A:	sad songs.
Q: how do you know that youre tuned into a country radio station? A:	commercials.
Q: how many days after christmas do people take down their decorations? A:	7.
Q: how many days after christmas do people take down their decorations? A:	5.
if you were married to a pirate one might you often receive for a gift is	gold coins.
if you were married to a pirate one might you often receive for a gift is	jewelry.
if you were married to a pirate one might you often receive for a gift is	parrot.
if you were married to a pirate one might you often receive for a gift is	eye patch.
if you were married to a pirate one might you often receive for a gift is	rum.
in today's world, one thing that helps people stay "forever young" is	plastic surgery.
in today's world, one thing that helps people stay "forever young" is	exercise.
in today's world, one thing that helps people stay "forever young" is	vitamins.
in today's world, one thing that helps people stay "forever young" is	makeup.
if santa showed up at your work holiday party one might your coworkers request for christmas is	bonus.
if santa showed up at your work holiday party one might your coworkers request for christmas is	raise.
if santa showed up at your work holiday party one might your coworkers request for christmas is	car.
if santa showed up at your work holiday party one might your coworkers request for christmas is	time off.
if santa showed up at your work holiday party one might your coworkers request for christmas is	new boss.
if you had a box in the attic labeled "wedding," one thing that would be in it is	dress.
if you had a box in the attic labeled "wedding," one thing that would be in it is	photos.
if you had a box in the attic labeled "wedding," one thing that would be in it is	cake topper.
if you had a box in the attic labeled "wedding," one thing that would be in it is	veil/bridal accessry.
if you had a box in the attic labeled "wedding," one thing that would be in it is	invitations.
if you had a box in the attic labeled "wedding," one thing that would be in it is	video tape.
if there was a school for beauty queens one skill that would be taught there is	pageant walk.
if there was a school for beauty queens one skill that would be taught there is	winning smile.
if there was a school for beauty queens one skill that would be taught there is	make up application.
if there was a school for beauty queens one skill that would be taught there is	pageant wave.
if there was a school for beauty queens one skill that would be taught there is	hair styling.
if there was a school for beauty queens one skill that would be taught there is	singing.
if there was a school for beauty queens one skill that would be taught there is	correct posture.
if a mouse pad were a place where bachelor mice lived one would you likely find inside is	cheese bar.
if a mouse pad were a place where bachelor mice lived one would you likely find inside is	beer.
if a mouse pad were a place where bachelor mice lived one would you likely find inside is	dirty clothes.
if a mouse pad were a place where bachelor mice lived one would you likely find inside is	female mice.
if a mouse pad were a place where bachelor mice lived one would you likely find inside is	mini tv.
if there were no clean plates one might you eat over is	napkin.
if there were no clean plates one might you eat over is	sink.
if there were no clean plates one might you eat over is	table.
if there were no clean plates one might you eat over is	bowl.
if there were no clean plates one might you eat over is	hand.
if barbie and ken broke up, one might barbie do with all the extra time is	shop.
if barbie and ken broke up, one might barbie do with all the extra time is	date.
if barbie and ken broke up, one might barbie do with all the extra time is	model/get a job.
if barbie and ken broke up, one might barbie do with all the extra time is	party.
if barbie and ken broke up, one might barbie do with all the extra time is	go to the beach.
if barbie and ken broke up, one might barbie do with all the extra time is	cruise in corvette.
if a group of senior citizens formed a punk rock band one might their songs bark about is	young people.
if a group of senior citizens formed a punk rock band one might their songs bark about is	medicine/health.
if a group of senior citizens formed a punk rock band one might their songs bark about is	dentures.
if a group of senior citizens formed a punk rock band one might their songs bark about is	getting old.
if a group of senior citizens formed a punk rock band one might their songs bark about is	fixed income.
if a group of senior citizens formed a punk rock band one might their songs bark about is	aches and pains.
if you lived on sesame street  somebody you might be friends with is	big bird.
if you lived on sesame street  somebody you might be friends with is	elmo.
if you lived on sesame street  somebody you might be friends with is	grover.
if you lived on sesame street  somebody you might be friends with is	ernie and bert.
if you lived on sesame street  somebody you might be friends with is	kermit.
if you lived on sesame street  somebody you might be friends with is	cookie monster.
if you lived on sesame street  somebody you might be friends with is	oscar the grouch.
if superman got old like the rest of us, one sign that it might be time for him to retire is	can't fly.
if superman got old like the rest of us, one sign that it might be time for him to retire is	getting weak.
if superman got old like the rest of us, one sign that it might be time for him to retire is	slowing down.
if superman got old like the rest of us, one sign that it might be time for him to retire is	no x ray vision.
if superman got old like the rest of us, one sign that it might be time for him to retire is	gray hair.
if superman got old like the rest of us, one sign that it might be time for him to retire is	memory loss.
if you were pretending to be pregnant, one thing you might stuff under your shirt is	pillow.
if you were pretending to be pregnant, one thing you might stuff under your shirt is	a big ball.
if you were pretending to be pregnant, one thing you might stuff under your shirt is	towels.
if you were pretending to be pregnant, one thing you might stuff under your shirt is	balloon.
if your company was saving money one thing that might not be at the holiday party is	food.
if your company was saving money one thing that might not be at the holiday party is	alcohol.
if your company was saving money one thing that might not be at the holiday party is	gifts.
if your company was saving money one thing that might not be at the holiday party is	music.
if your company was saving money one thing that might not be at the holiday party is	decorations.
if one profession do you often find people with wacky hair is	hair stylist.
if one profession do you often find people with wacky hair is	musician.
if one profession do you often find people with wacky hair is	clown.
if one profession do you often find people with wacky hair is	scientist.
if one profession do you often find people with wacky hair is	model.
if one profession do you often find people with wacky hair is	comedian.
if you see pink frosting on a cake one flavor would you expect it to be is	strawberry.
if you see pink frosting on a cake one flavor would you expect it to be is	cherry.
if you see pink frosting on a cake one flavor would you expect it to be is	raspberry.
in the heat of the moment,one might happen that could ruin it is	phone call.
in the heat of the moment,one might happen that could ruin it is	pass gas.
in the heat of the moment,one might happen that could ruin it is	family member.
in the heat of the moment,one might happen that could ruin it is	weather.
in the heat of the moment,one might happen that could ruin it is	sneeze/cough.
in the heat of the moment,one might happen that could ruin it is	door bell.
in the heat of the moment,one might happen that could ruin it is	bad breath.
if you wanted to have conversation with one person, one noisy place you'd avoid is	bar.
if you wanted to have conversation with one person, one noisy place you'd avoid is	concert.
if you wanted to have conversation with one person, one noisy place you'd avoid is	mall.
if you wanted to have conversation with one person, one noisy place you'd avoid is	restaurant.
if you needed some fast cash, one possession you might sell is	jewelery.
if you needed some fast cash, one possession you might sell is	car.
if you needed some fast cash, one possession you might sell is	tv.
if you needed some fast cash, one possession you might sell is	watch/clock.
if you needed some fast cash, one possession you might sell is	stocks.
if you needed some fast cash, one possession you might sell is	furniture.
if you needed some fast cash, one possession you might sell is	clothes.
if one person left 12 million dollars to a dog, one would the dog buy with it is	bones.
if one person left 12 million dollars to a dog, one would the dog buy with it is	dog house.
if one person left 12 million dollars to a dog, one would the dog buy with it is	nothing.
if one person left 12 million dollars to a dog, one would the dog buy with it is	lots of food.
if one person left 12 million dollars to a dog, one would the dog buy with it is	treats.
if one person left 12 million dollars to a dog, one would the dog buy with it is	new owner.
if a ten-year-old went on strike, one thing that might be demanded from the parents is	bigger allowance.
if a ten-year-old went on strike, one thing that might be demanded from the parents is	toys.
if animals had yearly check-ups,  one that might be told to lose some weight is	elephant.
if animals had yearly check-ups,  one that might be told to lose some weight is	bear.
if animals had yearly check-ups,  one that might be told to lose some weight is	pig.
if animals had yearly check-ups,  one that might be told to lose some weight is	cow.
if animals had yearly check-ups,  one that might be told to lose some weight is	hippo.
if animals had yearly check-ups,  one that might be told to lose some weight is	whale.
if you ran out of kleenex, one thing you might wipe your nose with is	shirt sleeve.
if you ran out of kleenex, one thing you might wipe your nose with is	toilet paper.
if you were in a forest camping out, one sound that might keep you up all night is	bear growling.
if you were in a forest camping out, one sound that might keep you up all night is	owls.
if you were in a forest camping out, one sound that might keep you up all night is	crickets.
if a witch was not paying attention to where she was flying, one thing she might crash into is	tree.
if a witch was not paying attention to where she was flying, one thing she might crash into is	building.
if a witch was not paying attention to where she was flying, one thing she might crash into is	telephone pole.
if a witch was not paying attention to where she was flying, one thing she might crash into is	power line.
if a witch was not paying attention to where she was flying, one thing she might crash into is	plane.
if a witch was not paying attention to where she was flying, one thing she might crash into is	bird.
Q: if santa got the flu on christmas eve who might he ask to fill in for him? A:	mrs. claus.
Q: if santa got the flu on christmas eve who might he ask to fill in for him? A:	elves.
Q: if santa got the flu on christmas eve who might he ask to fill in for him? A:	rudolph/reindeer.
Q: if santa got the flu on christmas eve who might he ask to fill in for him? A:	tooth fairy.
Q: if santa got the flu on christmas eve who might he ask to fill in for him? A:	easter bunny.
Q: if santa got the flu on christmas eve who might he ask to fill in for him? A:	kids' parents.
if a teen gets his moves from grandpa one dance might he do at the prom is	waltz.
if a teen gets his moves from grandpa one dance might he do at the prom is	the twist.
if a teen gets his moves from grandpa one dance might he do at the prom is	swing/charleston.
if a teen gets his moves from grandpa one dance might he do at the prom is	polka.
if a teen gets his moves from grandpa one dance might he do at the prom is	square-dance.
if a teen gets his moves from grandpa one dance might he do at the prom is	tango.
if a clown had a garage sale, one thing you'd probably see for sale is	red nose.
if a clown had a garage sale, one thing you'd probably see for sale is	big shoes.
if a clown had a garage sale, one thing you'd probably see for sale is	wig.
if there were a musical named "dogs", one prop they would probably use on stage is	fire hydrant.
if there were a musical named "dogs", one prop they would probably use on stage is	big bone.
if there were a musical named "dogs", one prop they would probably use on stage is	dog house.
if there were a musical named "dogs", one prop they would probably use on stage is	tree.
if there were a musical named "dogs", one prop they would probably use on stage is	squeaky toy.
Q: if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing? A:	7.
Q: if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing? A:	5.
Q: if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing? A:	2.
Q: if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing? A:	3.
Q: if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing? A:	4.
Q: if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing? A:	30.
Q: if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing? A:	14.
Q: if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing? A:	1.
if you owned 101 dalmatians one thing you'd need to buy 101 of is	collars/tags.
if you owned 101 dalmatians one thing you'd need to buy 101 of is	food bowls.
if you owned 101 dalmatians one thing you'd need to buy 101 of is	leashes.
if you criticize a chef's cooking, one thing he might hit you with is	pot/pan.
if you criticize a chef's cooking, one thing he might hit you with is	spatula.
if you criticize a chef's cooking, one thing he might hit you with is	rolling pin.
if you criticize a chef's cooking, one thing he might hit you with is	food.
if you criticize a chef's cooking, one thing he might hit you with is	knife.
if you criticize a chef's cooking, one thing he might hit you with is	cleaver.
if you criticize a chef's cooking, one thing he might hit you with is	spoon.
if you were the world's biggest slob, one thing you might go an entire year without washing is	hair.
if you were the world's biggest slob, one thing you might go an entire year without washing is	clothes.
if you were the world's biggest slob, one thing you might go an entire year without washing is	sheets.
if you were the world's biggest slob, one thing you might go an entire year without washing is	dishes.
if you were the world's biggest slob, one thing you might go an entire year without washing is	car.
if you were the world's biggest slob, one thing you might go an entire year without washing is	bathroom.
if you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, one would it be is	pizza.
if you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, one would it be is	chocolates.
if you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, one would it be is	hamburgers.
if bulls went on strike  another animal that people would pay to see a matador ride is	horse.
if bulls went on strike  another animal that people would pay to see a matador ride is	cow.
if bulls went on strike  another animal that people would pay to see a matador ride is	lion.
if bulls went on strike  another animal that people would pay to see a matador ride is	elephant.
if bulls went on strike  another animal that people would pay to see a matador ride is	pig.
if bulls went on strike  another animal that people would pay to see a matador ride is	tiger.
if you got fired from your job on monday, one thing you might do on tuesday is	find new job.
if you got fired from your job on monday, one thing you might do on tuesday is	sleep in.
if you got fired from your job on monday, one thing you might do on tuesday is	file unemployment.
if you got fired from your job on monday, one thing you might do on tuesday is	go shopping.
if you were living in a foreign country, one thing you'd do to show your patriotism is	wear a flag.
if you were living in a foreign country, one thing you'd do to show your patriotism is	fly a flag.
if you were living in a foreign country, one thing you'd do to show your patriotism is	help others.
if you were living in a foreign country, one thing you'd do to show your patriotism is	listen springsteen.
if you were living in a foreign country, one thing you'd do to show your patriotism is	vote.
if you were living in a foreign country, one thing you'd do to show your patriotism is	buy american.
in a crowded house one thing specific that people line up to use is	toilet.
in a crowded house one thing specific that people line up to use is	shower.
in a crowded house one thing specific that people line up to use is	phone.
in one room of the house is a man most likely to commit murder is	bedroom.
in one room of the house is a man most likely to commit murder is	living room.
in one room of the house is a man most likely to commit murder is	kitchen.
in one room of the house is a man most likely to commit murder is	bathroom.
in one room of the house is a man most likely to commit murder is	basement.
if animals could talk, one one would complain the most about humans is	dog.
if animals could talk, one one would complain the most about humans is	cat.
if animals could talk, one one would complain the most about humans is	mouse.
if animals could talk, one one would complain the most about humans is	horse.
if animals could talk, one one would complain the most about humans is	deer.
if animals could talk, one one would complain the most about humans is	cow.
if animals could talk, one one would complain the most about humans is	monkey.
in your fantasies, one thing you do to your boss is	fire them.
in your fantasies, one thing you do to your boss is	hit.
in your fantasies, one thing you do to your boss is	nothing.
in your fantasies, one thing you do to your boss is	thank.
in your fantasies, one thing you do to your boss is	yell.
in your fantasies, one thing you do to your boss is	kiss.
in your fantasies, one thing you do to your boss is	have his job.
in addition to a resume, one might an actor need to send when applying for a job is	head shots.
in addition to a resume, one might an actor need to send when applying for a job is	video.
if a baseball umpire had a talking parrot, one thing he might learn to say is	you're out.
if a baseball umpire had a talking parrot, one thing he might learn to say is	strike.
if you don't have a ruler, one thing you use to measure things with is	tapemeasure.
if you don't have a ruler, one thing you use to measure things with is	feet.
if you don't have a ruler, one thing you use to measure things with is	hand.
if you don't have a ruler, one thing you use to measure things with is	string.
if you don't have a ruler, one thing you use to measure things with is	arm.
if you don't have a ruler, one thing you use to measure things with is	book.
many hunters wear camouflage in the woods one pattern youd be surprised to see a hunter wear is	polka dots.
many hunters wear camouflage in the woods one pattern youd be surprised to see a hunter wear is	stripes.
many hunters wear camouflage in the woods one pattern youd be surprised to see a hunter wear is	floral.
many hunters wear camouflage in the woods one pattern youd be surprised to see a hunter wear is	paisley.
many hunters wear camouflage in the woods one pattern youd be surprised to see a hunter wear is	tie dye.
one thing that's often brought into a pawn shop is	jewelry.
one thing that's often brought into a pawn shop is	tv.
one thing that's often brought into a pawn shop is	watch.
one thing that's often brought into a pawn shop is	gun.
one thing that's often brought into a pawn shop is	musical instrument.
one thing that's often brought into a pawn shop is	stereo.
one thing a person might do in order to stay attractive is	plastic surgery.
one thing a person might do in order to stay attractive is	exercise.
one thing a person might do in order to stay attractive is	wear makeup.
one thing a person might do in order to stay attractive is	diet.
one thing a person might do in order to stay attractive is	use botox.
one thing a person might do in order to stay attractive is	dye hair.
one reason the bride and the groom might leave the reception early is	leave for honeymoon.
one reason the bride and the groom might leave the reception early is	a little privacy.
one reason the bride and the groom might leave the reception early is	tired.
one reason the bride and the groom might leave the reception early is	too much to drink.
one reason the bride and the groom might leave the reception early is	arguing.
one thing on your body that you want to be shiny is	hair.
one thing on your body that you want to be shiny is	teeth.
one thing on your body that you want to be shiny is	nails.
one thing on your body that you want to be shiny is	lips.
one thing on your body that you want to be shiny is	eyes.
one thing women wear that becomes uncomfortable after a while is	brassiere.
one thing women wear that becomes uncomfortable after a while is	high heels.
one thing women wear that becomes uncomfortable after a while is	underwear.
one thing women wear that becomes uncomfortable after a while is	girdle.
one thing women wear that becomes uncomfortable after a while is	nylons.
one hair color that isnt natural is	green.
one hair color that isnt natural is	bright red.
one hair color that isnt natural is	blue.
one hair color that isnt natural is	purple.
one hair color that isnt natural is	orange.
one hair color that isnt natural is	pink.
one hair color that isnt natural is	yellow.
one place where beverages are always overpriced is	bar/club.
one place where beverages are always overpriced is	movie theater.
one place where beverages are always overpriced is	concert.
one place where beverages are always overpriced is	sporting event.
one place where beverages are always overpriced is	airport.
one place where beverages are always overpriced is	fair.
one place where beverages are always overpriced is	coffee shop.
one thing a little kid might tell you about santa claus is	he's plump.
one thing a little kid might tell you about santa claus is	is jolly.
one thing a little kid might tell you about santa claus is	has a beard.
one thing a little kid might tell you about santa claus is	wears a red suit.
one thing a little kid might tell you about santa claus is	he's real.
one thing a little kid might tell you about santa claus is	brings presents.
one thing a little kid might tell you about santa claus is	lives at north pole.
one animal whose print looks natural on them but gaudy when your neighbor wears it is	leopard.
one animal whose print looks natural on them but gaudy when your neighbor wears it is	zebra.
one animal whose print looks natural on them but gaudy when your neighbor wears it is	tiger.
one animal whose print looks natural on them but gaudy when your neighbor wears it is	cheetah.
one thing hawaii is known for is	beaches.
one thing hawaii is known for is	luau.
one thing hawaii is known for is	volcanos.
one thing hawaii is known for is	hula dancers.
one thing hawaii is known for is	leis.
one thing hawaii is known for is	pineapples.
one thing hawaii is known for is	islands.
one food that it's hard to keep your face clean while eating is	ice cream.
one food that it's hard to keep your face clean while eating is	ribs.
one food that it's hard to keep your face clean while eating is	spaghetti.
one food that it's hard to keep your face clean while eating is	sloppy joe.
one food that it's hard to keep your face clean while eating is	pizza.
one food that it's hard to keep your face clean while eating is	watermelon.
one article of clothing that children are always losing is	socks.
one article of clothing that children are always losing is	shoes.
one article of clothing that children are always losing is	gloves.
one article of clothing that children are always losing is	hat.
one article of clothing that children are always losing is	jacket.
one occupation in which you might be able to get away with breaking the law is	police officer.
one occupation in which you might be able to get away with breaking the law is	lawyer.
one occupation in which you might be able to get away with breaking the law is	judge.
one occupation in which you might be able to get away with breaking the law is	politician.
one thing a co-worker might blame on not having had their morning coffee is	grumpy.
one thing a co-worker might blame on not having had their morning coffee is	tired.
one thing a co-worker might blame on not having had their morning coffee is	being late.
one thing a co-worker might blame on not having had their morning coffee is	slow.
one food thats baked in the oven but cant be cooked in the microwave is	cake.
one food thats baked in the oven but cant be cooked in the microwave is	chicken.
one food thats baked in the oven but cant be cooked in the microwave is	bread.
one food thats baked in the oven but cant be cooked in the microwave is	cookies.
one food thats baked in the oven but cant be cooked in the microwave is	pie.
one food thats baked in the oven but cant be cooked in the microwave is	roast.
one thing you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo is	closing eyes.
one thing you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo is	smiling.
one thing you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo is	laughing.
one thing you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo is	sneezing.
one thing you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo is	frowning.
one thing you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo is	moving.
one thing you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo is	slouching.
one reason why a child can't wait to grow up is	drive.
one reason why a child can't wait to grow up is	move out.
one reason why a child can't wait to grow up is	have a job.
one reason why a child can't wait to grow up is	no rules.
one reason why a child can't wait to grow up is	romance.
one reason why a child can't wait to grow up is	no school.
one celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children is	angelina jolie.
one celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children is	madonna.
one celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children is	rosie o'donnell.
one celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children is	will smith.
one celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children is	oprah winfrey.
one celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children is	jerry lewis.
one celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children is	brad pitt.
one place where one person might practice driving for the first time is	parking lot.
one place where one person might practice driving for the first time is	driving school.
one place where one person might practice driving for the first time is	field.
one place where one person might practice driving for the first time is	driveway.
one place where one person might practice driving for the first time is	country road.
one thing you might bring home with from the mardigras is	beads.
one thing you might bring home with from the mardigras is	mask.
one thing you might bring home with from the mardigras is	pictures.
one thing you might bring home with from the mardigras is	food.
one thing you might bring home with from the mardigras is	hangover.
one thing specific a student might do in oder to become the teachers pet is	bring an apple.
one thing specific a student might do in oder to become the teachers pet is	get good grades.
one thing specific a student might do in oder to become the teachers pet is	brown nose.
one thing specific a student might do in oder to become the teachers pet is	do extra credit work.
one thing specific a student might do in oder to become the teachers pet is	raise hand often.
one thing specific a student might do in oder to become the teachers pet is	sit in fornt.
one thing that a very thrifty person would re-use after a birthday party is	candles.
one thing that a very thrifty person would re-use after a birthday party is	wrapping paper.
one thing that a very thrifty person would re-use after a birthday party is	paper plates.
one thing that a very thrifty person would re-use after a birthday party is	plastic cups.
one thing that a very thrifty person would re-use after a birthday party is	decorations.
one thing that a very thrifty person would re-use after a birthday party is	tablecloth/napkins.
one thing you'd need if you were going to be a private eye is	binoculars.
one thing you'd need if you were going to be a private eye is	camera.
one thing you'd need if you were going to be a private eye is	gun.
one thing you'd need if you were going to be a private eye is	car.
one thing you'd need if you were going to be a private eye is	clients.
one thing you'd need if you were going to be a private eye is	pen and paper.
one thing kids love to eat that adults like too is	ice cream.
one thing kids love to eat that adults like too is	candy.
one thing kids love to eat that adults like too is	pizza.
one thing kids love to eat that adults like too is	cookies.
one thing kids love to eat that adults like too is	hot dog.
one thing kids love to eat that adults like too is	french fries.
one thing kids love to eat that adults like too is	popsicle.
one beverage served at fancy restaurants (alcohol is not an answer, be more specific) is	wine.
one beverage served at fancy restaurants (alcohol is not an answer, be more specific) is	martini.
one beverage served at fancy restaurants (alcohol is not an answer, be more specific) is	champagne.
one beverage served at fancy restaurants (alcohol is not an answer, be more specific) is	tea.
one beverage served at fancy restaurants (alcohol is not an answer, be more specific) is	margaritas.
one beverage served at fancy restaurants (alcohol is not an answer, be more specific) is	bloody mary.
one job you would only do at night is	night watch.
one job you would only do at night is	bartender.
one job you would only do at night is	entertainer.
one job you would only do at night is	janitor.
one job you would only do at night is	bouncer.
one piece of information listed on a baseball scoreboard is	score.
one piece of information listed on a baseball scoreboard is	runs.
one piece of information listed on a baseball scoreboard is	outs.
one piece of information listed on a baseball scoreboard is	inning.
one piece of information listed on a baseball scoreboard is	teams.
one type of dance people do in a dance competition is	tango.
one type of dance people do in a dance competition is	salsa.
one type of dance people do in a dance competition is	waltz.
one type of dance people do in a dance competition is	tap.
one type of dance people do in a dance competition is	break dancer.
one type of dance people do in a dance competition is	swing dance.
one place that gets crowded at the end of a work day is	bar.
one place that gets crowded at the end of a work day is	highway.
one place that gets crowded at the end of a work day is	bank.
one place that gets crowded at the end of a work day is	public transit.
one place that gets crowded at the end of a work day is	shopping center.
one place that gets crowded at the end of a work day is	grocery store.
one place that gets crowded at the end of a work day is	restaurant.
one thing construction workers wear is	hard hat.
one thing construction workers wear is	tool belt.
one thing construction workers wear is	boots.
one thing construction workers wear is	orange vests.
one thing construction workers wear is	overalls.
one thing people think rich folks do all day instead of working is	shop.
one thing people think rich folks do all day instead of working is	sleep.
one thing people think rich folks do all day instead of working is	play golf.
one thing people think rich folks do all day instead of working is	lay around.
one thing people think rich folks do all day instead of working is	travel.
one thing people think rich folks do all day instead of working is	have parties.
one thing you wear that might be plaid is	shirt.
one thing you wear that might be plaid is	shorts.
one thing a camper does while camping that he wouldn't do at home is	build a fire.
one thing a camper does while camping that he wouldn't do at home is	hike.
one thing a camper does while camping that he wouldn't do at home is	sing campfire songs.
one thing a camper does while camping that he wouldn't do at home is	sleep in a tent.
one thing a camper does while camping that he wouldn't do at home is	use a latrine.
one thing that has a lock on it is	door.
one thing that has a lock on it is	safe.
one thing that has a lock on it is	car.
one thing that has a lock on it is	locker.
one thing that has a lock on it is	gate.
one party game that you'd be surprised to see at an adult's birthday is	pin the tail.
one party game that you'd be surprised to see at an adult's birthday is	twister.
one party game that you'd be surprised to see at an adult's birthday is	spin the bottle.
one party game that you'd be surprised to see at an adult's birthday is	musical chairs.
one hidden cost when buying a car is	title.
one hidden cost when buying a car is	interest.
one hidden cost when buying a car is	tax.
one hidden cost when buying a car is	air conditioner.
one hidden cost when buying a car is	stereo.
one place where you would not want to get into an argument with your partner is	place of worship.
one place where you would not want to get into an argument with your partner is	restaurant.
one place where you would not want to get into an argument with your partner is	in law's/parnts.
one place where you would not want to get into an argument with your partner is	work.
one place where you would not want to get into an argument with your partner is	movie theatre.
one place where you would not want to get into an argument with your partner is	supermarket.
one thing that lives in a cave is	bear.
one thing that lives in a cave is	bat.
one thing that lives in a cave is	caveman.
one thing that lives in a cave is	lion.
one household chore you do while sitting is	dusting.
one household chore you do while sitting is	folding laundry.
one household chore you do while sitting is	ironing.
one household chore you do while sitting is	mending clothes.
one household chore you do while sitting is	paying bills.
one thing a commercial hints that will happen if you buy the product advertised is	lose weight.
one thing a commercial hints that will happen if you buy the product advertised is	get rich.
one thing a commercial hints that will happen if you buy the product advertised is	attract a mate.
one thing a commercial hints that will happen if you buy the product advertised is	look younger.
one thing a commercial hints that will happen if you buy the product advertised is	grow hair.
one thing a commercial hints that will happen if you buy the product advertised is	become happier.
one culture or religion that celebrates a different new year then the west is	chinese.
one culture or religion that celebrates a different new year then the west is	jewish.
one culture or religion that celebrates a different new year then the west is	islam.
one culture or religion that celebrates a different new year then the west is	japan.
one culture or religion that celebrates a different new year then the west is	buddhist.
one culture or religion that celebrates a different new year then the west is	india.
one thing that both a dental office and a spa might have is	chair.
one thing that both a dental office and a spa might have is	water.
one thing that both a dental office and a spa might have is	magazines.
one thing that both a dental office and a spa might have is	towels.
one thing that both a dental office and a spa might have is	waiting room.
one thing that both a dental office and a spa might have is	music.
one thing you can't wear to work at an office job is	shorts.
one thing you can't wear to work at an office job is	jeans.
one thing you can't wear to work at an office job is	mini skirt.
one thing you can't wear to work at an office job is	bathing suit.
one thing you can't wear to work at an office job is	cap.
one thing you can't wear to work at an office job is	sneakers.
one thing that breaks easily without its case is	glasses.
one thing that breaks easily without its case is	cd.
one thing that breaks easily without its case is	musical instrument.
one thing that breaks easily without its case is	camera.
one activity that boys do in a tree house is	play cards.
one activity that boys do in a tree house is	comic books.
one activity that boys do in a tree house is	smoke.
one activity that boys do in a tree house is	talk about girls.
one activity that boys do in a tree house is	eat snacks.
one instrument in an orchestra is	violin.
one instrument in an orchestra is	cello.
one thing you have to buy for a wedding is	new clothes.
one thing you have to buy for a wedding is	gift.
one thing you have to buy for a wedding is	cake.
one thing you have to buy for a wedding is	ring.
the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview is	sounding stupid.
the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview is	not being hired.
the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview is	tongue tied.
the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview is	sweating.
the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview is	appearance.
the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview is	being nervous.
the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview is	forgetting name.
one thing that can be inconvenient to do while camping is	use bathroom.
one thing that can be inconvenient to do while camping is	bathe.
one thing that can be inconvenient to do while camping is	sleep.
one thing that can be inconvenient to do while camping is	cook.
one thing you can do during a car trip that you cant do during a plane ride is	pit stop.
one thing you can do during a car trip that you cant do during a plane ride is	smoke.
one thing you can do during a car trip that you cant do during a plane ride is	drive.
one thing you can do during a car trip that you cant do during a plane ride is	talk on phone.
one thing you can do during a car trip that you cant do during a plane ride is	sing.
one cartoon character thats been around forever is	mickey mouse.
one cartoon character thats been around forever is	buds bunny.
one cartoon character thats been around forever is	charlie brown.
one cartoon character thats been around forever is	mighty mouse.
one cartoon character thats been around forever is	snoopy.
one cartoon character thats been around forever is	popeye.
one cartoon character thats been around forever is	betty boop.
one thing you did as a 5-year-old that you'd be embarrassed to do now is	urinate on self.
one thing you did as a 5-year-old that you'd be embarrassed to do now is	urinate in bed.
one thing you did as a 5-year-old that you'd be embarrassed to do now is	pick nose in public.
one thing you did as a 5-year-old that you'd be embarrassed to do now is	cry.
one thing you did as a 5-year-old that you'd be embarrassed to do now is	nothing.
one thing you did as a 5-year-old that you'd be embarrassed to do now is	play in dirt.
one winter activity that makes you sweat is	skiing.
one winter activity that makes you sweat is	ice skating/hockey.
one winter activity that makes you sweat is	snowboarding.
one winter activity that makes you sweat is	shoveling.
one winter activity that makes you sweat is	sledding.
one winter activity that makes you sweat is	snowball fight.
one thing chubby thats cute on a baby but not on an adult is	cheeks.
one thing chubby thats cute on a baby but not on an adult is	legs.
one thing chubby thats cute on a baby but not on an adult is	belly.
one thing chubby thats cute on a baby but not on an adult is	butt.
one thing many people probably lie about in their personal ads is	age.
one thing many people probably lie about in their personal ads is	weight.
one thing many people probably lie about in their personal ads is	appearance.
one thing many people probably lie about in their personal ads is	money.
one thing that almost anyone can cook is	eggs.
one thing that almost anyone can cook is	toast.
one thing that almost anyone can cook is	pasta.
one thing that almost anyone can cook is	soup.
one thing that almost anyone can cook is	mac & cheese.
one thing that almost anyone can cook is	hot dogs.
one thing that almost anyone can cook is	pizza.
one thing kids love to ride on is	bicycle.
one thing kids love to ride on is	pony/horse.
one thing kids love to ride on is	carousel.
one thing kids love to ride on is	dads shoulders.
one thing kids love to ride on is	riding mower.
one thing kids love to ride on is	school bus.
one thing most people start to get by the age of 35 is	gray hair.
one thing most people start to get by the age of 35 is	wrinkles.
one thing most people start to get by the age of 35 is	fat.
one thing most people start to get by the age of 35 is	bald.
one thing you cant do while youre in the dentists chair is	talking.
one thing you cant do while youre in the dentists chair is	eat.
one thing you cant do while youre in the dentists chair is	move.
one thing you cant do while youre in the dentists chair is	sleep.
one thing you cant do while youre in the dentists chair is	sing.
one thing you can buy at a rock concert is	t shirt.
one thing you can buy at a rock concert is	alcohol.
one thing you can buy at a rock concert is	album.
one thing you can buy at a rock concert is	poster.
one thing you can buy at a rock concert is	snacks.
one thing you can buy at a rock concert is	cap.
one thing besides food and drinks that you can buy at starbucks is	mugs.
one thing besides food and drinks that you can buy at starbucks is	reading material.
one thing besides food and drinks that you can buy at starbucks is	gift cards.
one thing besides food and drinks that you can buy at starbucks is	t shirt.
one thing besides food and drinks that you can buy at starbucks is	coffee maker.
one thing besides food and drinks that you can buy at starbucks is	music.
one thing toddlers carry around with them all the time is	bottle.
one thing toddlers carry around with them all the time is	blanket.
one thing toddlers carry around with them all the time is	pacifier.
one thing a teenager might try to get away with when their parents are out of town is	throwing a party.
one thing a teenager might try to get away with when their parents are out of town is	drink.
one thing a professional baseball player might have a nightmare about is	striking out.
one thing a professional baseball player might have a nightmare about is	fetting hurt.
one thing a professional baseball player might have a nightmare about is	getting hit by a ball.
one thing a professional baseball player might have a nightmare about is	drug testing.
one thing a professional baseball player might have a nightmare about is	losing a game.
one thing a professional baseball player might have a nightmare about is	dropping ball.
one thing that a man teaches his grandson to do is	fish.
one thing that a man teaches his grandson to do is	drive.
one thing that a man teaches his grandson to do is	play sports.
one thing that a man teaches his grandson to do is	ride a bike.
one thing that a man teaches his grandson to do is	hunt.
one thing that a man teaches his grandson to do is	read.
one thing an airplane has that your car doesn't is	wings.
one thing an airplane has that your car doesn't is	oxygen mask.
one thing an airplane has that your car doesn't is	pilot.
one thing an airplane has that your car doesn't is	jet engine.
one thing an airplane has that your car doesn't is	landing gear.
one thing an airplane has that your car doesn't is	alot more seats.
one place where you can always find a taxi is	new york.
one place where you can always find a taxi is	airport.
one place where you can always find a taxi is	hotel.
one place where you can always find a taxi is	breathe.
one place where you can always find a taxi is	railway station.
one thing many women regularly buy for their husbands, but men don't buy for their wives ( more specific then clothes) is	underwear.
one thing many women regularly buy for their husbands, but men don't buy for their wives ( more specific then clothes) is	socks.
one thing many women regularly buy for their husbands, but men don't buy for their wives ( more specific then clothes) is	cologne.
one thing many women regularly buy for their husbands, but men don't buy for their wives ( more specific then clothes) is	tools.
one thing many women regularly buy for their husbands, but men don't buy for their wives ( more specific then clothes) is	groceries.
one reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying is	famous.
one reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying is	business reasons.
one reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying is	family connection.
one reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying is	believes in keeping.
one reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying is	dislikes husband's.
one reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying is	too much paperwork.
one reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying is	shares it with child.
one thing you need in order to be happy is	money.
one thing you need in order to be happy is	love.
one thing you need in order to be happy is	family.
one thing you need in order to be happy is	friends.
one thing you need in order to be happy is	health.
one thing you need in order to be happy is	food.
one thing a woman would be foolish to apply makeup before doing is	swimming.
one thing a woman would be foolish to apply makeup before doing is	showering.
one thing a woman would be foolish to apply makeup before doing is	going to sleep.
one thing a woman would be foolish to apply makeup before doing is	washing her face.
one thing a woman would be foolish to apply makeup before doing is	aerobics.
one board game that you wouldn't play if you only had an hour is	monopoly.
one board game that you wouldn't play if you only had an hour is	life.
one board game that you wouldn't play if you only had an hour is	scrabble.
one board game that you wouldn't play if you only had an hour is	risk.
one board game that you wouldn't play if you only had an hour is	chess.
one board game that you wouldn't play if you only had an hour is	checkers.
one thing a woman might want her husband to quit doing before they have children is	smoking.
one thing a woman might want her husband to quit doing before they have children is	drinking.
one thing a woman might want her husband to quit doing before they have children is	staying out late.
one thing a woman might want her husband to quit doing before they have children is	swearing.
one thing commercial pilots can't fly without is	lisence.
one thing commercial pilots can't fly without is	airplane.
one thing commercial pilots can't fly without is	radar.
one thing commercial pilots can't fly without is	flight attendant.
one thing commercial pilots can't fly without is	gas.
one thing commercial pilots can't fly without is	passengers.
one thing commercial pilots can't fly without is	uniforms.
one thing talk show hosts do during a commerical break is	use bathroom.
one thing talk show hosts do during a commerical break is	talk to audience.
one thing talk show hosts do during a commerical break is	drink water/coffee.
one thing talk show hosts do during a commerical break is	refresh makeup/hair.
one type of person who might wear goggles is	swimmer.
one type of person who might wear goggles is	divers.
one type of person who might wear goggles is	lifeguard.
one type of person who might wear goggles is	welder.
one type of person who might wear goggles is	skier.
one type of person who might wear goggles is	pilot.
one type of greeting card that you see a lot of in the spring is	easter.
one type of greeting card that you see a lot of in the spring is	mothers day.
one type of greeting card that you see a lot of in the spring is	wedding.
one type of greeting card that you see a lot of in the spring is	graduation.
one thing a housekeeper uses as part of her job is	vacuum.
one thing a housekeeper uses as part of her job is	broom.
one thing a housekeeper uses as part of her job is	mop.
one thing a housekeeper uses as part of her job is	dust cloth.
one thing a housekeeper uses as part of her job is	cleaner.
one instance when parents are likely to ask their children if they need to use the bathroom is	bedtime.
one instance when parents are likely to ask their children if they need to use the bathroom is	before a trip.
one instance when parents are likely to ask their children if they need to use the bathroom is	before church.
one instance when parents are likely to ask their children if they need to use the bathroom is	at the movies.
one thing specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling is	try a cigarette.
one thing specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling is	stay out late.
one thing specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling is	dye hair.
one thing specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling is	run away.
one thing specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling is	sneak out.
one thing specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling is	talk back.
one thing specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling is	tattoo.
one reason youd stay inside on a saturday is	bad weather.
one reason youd stay inside on a saturday is	sick.
one reason youd stay inside on a saturday is	tired.
one reason youd stay inside on a saturday is	watching tv.
one reason youd stay inside on a saturday is	housework.
one thing that a couple often does once the kids have to move out is	travel.
one thing that a couple often does once the kids have to move out is	rekindle romance.
one thing that a couple often does once the kids have to move out is	downsize.
one thing that a couple often does once the kids have to move out is	retire.
one thing that a couple often does once the kids have to move out is	remodel.
one thing that a couple often does once the kids have to move out is	throw a party.
one thing that a couple often does once the kids have to move out is	divorce.
one thing you might stay in and do on a rainy day is	read.
one thing you might stay in and do on a rainy day is	sleep.
one thing you might stay in and do on a rainy day is	watch tv/movies.
one thing you might stay in and do on a rainy day is	clean.
the month when tv networks start airing reruns is	june.
the month when tv networks start airing reruns is	may.
the month when tv networks start airing reruns is	july.
the month when tv networks start airing reruns is	april.
the month when tv networks start airing reruns is	october.
the month when tv networks start airing reruns is	november.
one thing that your spouse has accused you of "stealing" is	money.
one thing that your spouse has accused you of "stealing" is	their heart.
one thing that your spouse has accused you of "stealing" is	left overs/dessert.
one thing that your spouse has accused you of "stealing" is	a kiss.
one thing that your spouse has accused you of "stealing" is	the tv remote.
one thing a woman might take home from her best friends wedding is	bouquet.
one thing a woman might take home from her best friends wedding is	cake.
one thing a woman might take home from her best friends wedding is	man.
one thing a woman might take home from her best friends wedding is	photos.
one thing a woman might take home from her best friends wedding is	centerpiece.
one thing people say they'll have time to do once they've retired is	travel.
one thing people say they'll have time to do once they've retired is	get more rest.
one thing people say they'll have time to do once they've retired is	golf.
one thing people say they'll have time to do once they've retired is	fish.
one thing people say they'll have time to do once they've retired is	read.
one thing people say they'll have time to do once they've retired is	garden.
one article of clothing that makes you feel you can't move is	coat.
one article of clothing that makes you feel you can't move is	jeans.
one article of clothing that makes you feel you can't move is	girdle.
one article of clothing that makes you feel you can't move is	tights.
one article of clothing that makes you feel you can't move is	snowsuit.
one thing youd be surprised to find that a frat party had none of is	beer.
one thing youd be surprised to find that a frat party had none of is	food.
one thing youd be surprised to find that a frat party had none of is	girls.
one thing youd be surprised to find that a frat party had none of is	music.
one hollywood man who would have no trouble getting dates if he were single is	brad pitt.
one hollywood man who would have no trouble getting dates if he were single is	george clooney.
one hollywood man who would have no trouble getting dates if he were single is	tom cruise.
one hollywood man who would have no trouble getting dates if he were single is	mel gibson.
one popular pick up line is	do i know you.
one popular pick up line is	hey baby.
one popular pick up line is	what's your sign.
one popular pick up line is	fall form heaven.
one popular pick up line is	come here often.
one popular pick up line is	how you doing.
one thing you do while waiting in line is	read.
one thing you do while waiting in line is	talk on cellphone.
one thing you do while waiting in line is	hum/whistle.
one thing you do while waiting in line is	think.
one thing you do while waiting in line is	complain.
one thing a hitchhiker might do to get noticed is	stick thumb out.
one thing a hitchhiker might do to get noticed is	hold out a sign.
one thing a hitchhiker might do to get noticed is	wave.
one thing a hitchhiker might do to get noticed is	shout.
one thing you wonder about an ex whom you haven't spoken is	single?.
one thing you wonder about an ex whom you haven't spoken is	who they're with.
one thing you wonder about an ex whom you haven't spoken is	still look good.
one thing you wonder about an ex whom you haven't spoken is	still think of me.
one thing you wonder about an ex whom you haven't spoken is	have kids?.
one thing you wonder about an ex whom you haven't spoken is	doing well?.
one animal people set traps for is	mice.
one animal people set traps for is	bears.
one animal people set traps for is	beavers.
one animal people set traps for is	racoons.
one animal people set traps for is	rats.
one animal people set traps for is	opossums.
one animal people set traps for is	coyotes.
one thing that gets sewn onto clothes is	buttons.
one thing that gets sewn onto clothes is	patches.
one thing that gets sewn onto clothes is	name.
one thing that gets sewn onto clothes is	zipper.
one thing men probably lie about most is	age.
one thing men probably lie about most is	being single.
one thing men probably lie about most is	income.
one thing men probably lie about most is	success with women.
one thing men probably lie about most is	job title.
one thing men probably lie about most is	weight.
one thing you'd put on a poodle, but not a pitbull is	bow/ribbon.
one thing you'd put on a poodle, but not a pitbull is	sweater.
one thing you'd put on a poodle, but not a pitbull is	diamond collar.
one thing you'd put on a poodle, but not a pitbull is	tutu.
one type of profession where you'd be the most surprised to see one person with a tattoo is	doctor.
one type of profession where you'd be the most surprised to see one person with a tattoo is	religious leader.
one type of profession where you'd be the most surprised to see one person with a tattoo is	lawyer.
one type of profession where you'd be the most surprised to see one person with a tattoo is	teacher.
one type of profession where you'd be the most surprised to see one person with a tattoo is	model/actor.
one thing in an office that makes a lot of noise is	telephones.
one thing in an office that makes a lot of noise is	copier.
one thing in an office that makes a lot of noise is	fax machine.
one thing in an office that makes a lot of noise is	printer.
one thing in an office that makes a lot of noise is	shredder.
one thing grown-ups have to do that babies don't is	work.
one thing grown-ups have to do that babies don't is	pay taxes.
one thing grown-ups have to do that babies don't is	pay bills.
one thing grown-ups have to do that babies don't is	clean.
one thing grown-ups have to do that babies don't is	brush teeth.
one thing grown-ups have to do that babies don't is	wipe themselves.
one thing grown-ups have to do that babies don't is	feed themselves.
one thing from your ex that you might get rid of when starting a new relationship is	pictures.
one thing from your ex that you might get rid of when starting a new relationship is	jewelry.
one thing from your ex that you might get rid of when starting a new relationship is	their clothes.
one thing from your ex that you might get rid of when starting a new relationship is	letters.
one thing form home you might miss on vacation is	pet.
one thing form home you might miss on vacation is	bed.
one thing form home you might miss on vacation is	family.
one thing form home you might miss on vacation is	tv.
one thing form home you might miss on vacation is	computer.
one thing that you dread doing after a break-up is	dating again.
one thing that you dread doing after a break-up is	seeing your ex.
one thing that you dread doing after a break-up is	crying/loneliness.
one thing that you dread doing after a break-up is	sorting belongings.
one thing people associat with thanksgiving is	turkey.
one thing people associat with thanksgiving is	cranberry sauce.
one thing people associat with thanksgiving is	family dinner.
one thing people associat with thanksgiving is	pumpkin pie.
one thing most doctors carry with them on their rounds is	stethoscope.
one thing most doctors carry with them on their rounds is	clipboard.
one thing most doctors carry with them on their rounds is	thermometer.
one thing most doctors carry with them on their rounds is	gloves.
one thing most doctors carry with them on their rounds is	pen/pencil.
one thing most doctors carry with them on their rounds is	beeper.
one thing that many women wish their husbands could talk about is	romance.
one thing that many women wish their husbands could talk about is	his feelings.
one thing that many women wish their husbands could talk about is	clothes.
one thing that many women wish their husbands could talk about is	the marriage.
one thing that many women wish their husbands could talk about is	finances.
one thing that many women wish their husbands could talk about is	parenting.
one thing annoying that some dogs do when greeting you is	lick you.
one thing annoying that some dogs do when greeting you is	bark.
one thing annoying that some dogs do when greeting you is	jump on you.
one thing annoying that some dogs do when greeting you is	sniff you.
one prize you may win from a carnival game is	stuffed animal.
one prize you may win from a carnival game is	gold fish.
one prize you may win from a carnival game is	poster.
one thing youd expect to pay for at disneyland is	food.
one thing youd expect to pay for at disneyland is	admissions.
one thing youd expect to pay for at disneyland is	souvenirs.
one thing youd expect to pay for at disneyland is	toys.
one thing youd expect to pay for at disneyland is	parking.
one thing that's more likely to happen to you if you're hanging out at a bar is	get drunk.
one thing that's more likely to happen to you if you're hanging out at a bar is	get in a fight.
one thing that's more likely to happen to you if you're hanging out at a bar is	get hit on.
one thing that's more likely to happen to you if you're hanging out at a bar is	have a cigarette.
one food that comes in packs of six or more is	hod dogs.
one food that comes in packs of six or more is	pudding.
one food that comes in packs of six or more is	little cereal boxes.
one food that comes in packs of six or more is	beer.
one food that comes in packs of six or more is	soda.
one food that comes in packs of six or more is	yogurt.
one food that comes in packs of six or more is	eggs.
one thing you see cheerleaders do that would look strange to see people doing otherwise is	splits.
one thing you see cheerleaders do that would look strange to see people doing otherwise is	shouting.
one thing you see cheerleaders do that would look strange to see people doing otherwise is	cartwheel.
one thing you see cheerleaders do that would look strange to see people doing otherwise is	pyramid.
one thing you see cheerleaders do that would look strange to see people doing otherwise is	use pom poms.
one thing that needs to be fed is	dog.
one thing that needs to be fed is	bird.
one thing that needs to be fed is	children.
one thing that needs to be fed is	people.
one thing that needs to be fed is	fish.
one thing that needs to be fed is	horse.
one thing for which you get a warranty is	car.
one thing for which you get a warranty is	tv.
one thing for which you get a warranty is	watch.
one thing for which you get a warranty is	computer.
one thing for which you get a warranty is	appliance.
one thing you would do in front of children, but would be embarrassed to do in front of other adults is	sing.
one thing you would do in front of children, but would be embarrassed to do in front of other adults is	pass gass/burp.
one thing you would do in front of children, but would be embarrassed to do in front of other adults is	dance.
one thing you would do in front of children, but would be embarrassed to do in front of other adults is	play.
one thing you would do in front of children, but would be embarrassed to do in front of other adults is	baby talk.
one actress who is or was a model is	tyra banks.
one actress who is or was a model is	charlize theron.
one actress who is or was a model is	megan fox.
one actress who is or was a model is	pamela anderson.
one actress who is or was a model is	halle barry.
one actress who is or was a model is	brook shields.
one thing you should always carry extra of when flying by plane is	money.
one thing you should always carry extra of when flying by plane is	change of clothes.
one thing you should always carry extra of when flying by plane is	snacks.
one thing you should always carry extra of when flying by plane is	gum.
one thing you should always carry extra of when flying by plane is	tissue.
one place where people don't want to end up is	jail.
one place where people don't want to end up is	dead.
one place where people don't want to end up is	hell.
one place where people don't want to end up is	homeless.
one place where people don't want to end up is	dumpster.
one game that has a specific type of table is	pool.
one game that has a specific type of table is	poker.
one game that has a specific type of table is	ping pong.
one game that has a specific type of table is	chess.
one game that has a specific type of table is	foosball.
one game that has a specific type of table is	monopoly.
one game that has a specific type of table is	roulette.
one place where its always rainy is	seattle.
one place where its always rainy is	rainforest.
one place where its always rainy is	london.
one place where its always rainy is	florida everglades.
one place where its always rainy is	oregon.
one part of your morning ritual that it's hard to get the energy to do is	shower.
one part of your morning ritual that it's hard to get the energy to do is	get out of bed.
one part of your morning ritual that it's hard to get the energy to do is	exercise.
one part of your morning ritual that it's hard to get the energy to do is	make breakfast.
one thing a man with very little hair does to make it look like he has more is	comb hair over.
one thing a man with very little hair does to make it look like he has more is	wear hairpiece.
one thing a man with very little hair does to make it look like he has more is	dye different colors.
one thing a man with very little hair does to make it look like he has more is	grow it long.
one clothing designer who's world famous is	calvin klein.
one clothing designer who's world famous is	giorgio armani.
one clothing designer who's world famous is	tommy hilfiger.
one clothing designer who's world famous is	versace.
one clothing designer who's world famous is	donna karan.
one clothing designer who's world famous is	gucci.
one clothing designer who's world famous is	ralph lauren.
one job that many celebrities had before they were famous is	food server.
one job that many celebrities had before they were famous is	model.
one job that many celebrities had before they were famous is	cook.
one job that many celebrities had before they were famous is	washing cars.
one thing you can't do until you're a certain age is	drink alcohol.
one thing you can't do until you're a certain age is	drive.
one thing you can't do until you're a certain age is	vote.
one thing you can't do until you're a certain age is	smoke.
one thing you can't do until you're a certain age is	gamble.
one thing you can't do until you're a certain age is	retire.
one thing people do in an engagement photo, that they don't do in a mug shot is	smile.
one thing people do in an engagement photo, that they don't do in a mug shot is	kiss.
one thing people do in an engagement photo, that they don't do in a mug shot is	pose.
one thing people do in an engagement photo, that they don't do in a mug shot is	hold hands.
one thing people do in an engagement photo, that they don't do in a mug shot is	dress up.
one thing people do in an engagement photo, that they don't do in a mug shot is	embrace.
one thing that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day is	food.
one thing that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day is	drink.
one thing that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day is	hug.
one thing that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day is	friend.
one thing that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day is	music.
one thing that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day is	watching tv.
one thing that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day is	taking bath.
one thing a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious is	tattoos.
one thing a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious is	get body pierced.
one thing a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious is	dye hair.
one thing a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious is	paint face.
one thing a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious is	shave head.
one thing a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious is	long hair.
one thing a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious is	facial hair.
one thing most people hate about fall is	raking leaves.
one thing most people hate about fall is	cold weather.
one thing most people hate about fall is	allergies.
one thing most people hate about fall is	rain.
one thing most people hate about fall is	school starts.
one thing most people hate about fall is	gets drink earlier.
one thing most people hate about fall is	gets dark erlier.
one thing specific thats out of proportion in a childs drawing is	head.
one thing specific thats out of proportion in a childs drawing is	hands.
one thing specific thats out of proportion in a childs drawing is	house.
one thing specific thats out of proportion in a childs drawing is	sun.
one thing specific thats out of proportion in a childs drawing is	belly.
one thing that can be stuffed is	turkey.
one thing that can be stuffed is	animals.
one thing that can be stuffed is	pillows.
one thing that can be stuffed is	eggs.
one book you'd like to get as a gift is	harry potter.
one book you'd like to get as a gift is	bible.
one book you'd like to get as a gift is	chronicals of narnia.
one book you'd like to get as a gift is	willy wonka.
one book you'd like to get as a gift is	lord of the rings.
one book you'd like to get as a gift is	catcher in the rye.
one person, past or present, who is known for hosting a children's television program is	mr rogers.
one person, past or present, who is known for hosting a children's television program is	bill cosby.
one person, past or present, who is known for hosting a children's television program is	captain kangaroo.
one person, past or present, who is known for hosting a children's television program is	barney.
one thing found on the bottom of a shoe is	gum.
one thing found on the bottom of a shoe is	sole.
one thing found on the bottom of a shoe is	lint.
one thing found on the bottom of a shoe is	taps.
one thing found on the bottom of a shoe is	heel.
one thing found on the bottom of a shoe is	dog poo.
one occasion for which people often end up overspending is	christmas.
one occasion for which people often end up overspending is	wedding.
one occasion for which people often end up overspending is	birthday.
one occasion for which people often end up overspending is	vacation.
one occasion for which people often end up overspending is	shopping trip.
one occasion for which people often end up overspending is	night out.
one reason why workers might go on strike is	better pay.
one reason why workers might go on strike is	want benefits.
one reason why workers might go on strike is	no contract.
one reason why workers might go on strike is	better hours.
one sign that a tornado is coming is	strong wind.
one sign that a tornado is coming is	dark sky/clouds.
one sign that a tornado is coming is	hail.
one sign that a tornado is coming is	rain.
one sign that a tornado is coming is	siren.
one sign that a tornado is coming is	thunder storm.
one thing people often buy in large quantities at the department store is	toilet paper.
one thing people often buy in large quantities at the department store is	socks.
one thing people often buy in large quantities at the department store is	food.
one thing people often buy in large quantities at the department store is	soap.
one thing people often buy in large quantities at the department store is	soda.
one band instrument that requires a player with a good set of lungs is	tuba.
one band instrument that requires a player with a good set of lungs is	trumpet.
one band instrument that requires a player with a good set of lungs is	trombone.
one band instrument that requires a player with a good set of lungs is	saxaphone.
one band instrument that requires a player with a good set of lungs is	flute.
one band instrument that requires a player with a good set of lungs is	bagpipe.
one reason why a particular kid might be popular in school is	good looking.
one reason why a particular kid might be popular in school is	good athlete.
one reason why a particular kid might be popular in school is	rich.
one reason why a particular kid might be popular in school is	nicely dressed.
one reason why a particular kid might be popular in school is	friendly.
one prop you may hold in an "olde time" photograph at the fair is	gun.
one prop you may hold in an "olde time" photograph at the fair is	parasol.
one prop you may hold in an "olde time" photograph at the fair is	pitchfork.
one prop you may hold in an "olde time" photograph at the fair is	cane.
one prop you may hold in an "olde time" photograph at the fair is	fan.
one prop you may hold in an "olde time" photograph at the fair is	hat.
one reason why a man might not want his wife to have a girls night out is	jealous.
one reason why a man might not want his wife to have a girls night out is	drinking.
one reason why a man might not want his wife to have a girls night out is	no dinner.
one reason why a man might not want his wife to have a girls night out is	has to watch kids.
one reason why a man might not want his wife to have a girls night out is	lonely.
one thing a job ad should tell you about the job is	pay.
one thing a job ad should tell you about the job is	title.
one thing a job ad should tell you about the job is	hours.
one thing a job ad should tell you about the job is	duties.
one thing a job ad should tell you about the job is	location.
one us city with very aggressive drivers is	new york.
one us city with very aggressive drivers is	los angeles.
one us city with very aggressive drivers is	chicago.
one us city with very aggressive drivers is	boston.
one tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning is	family feud.
one tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning is	wheel of fortune.
one tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning is	price is right.
one tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning is	millionaire.
one tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning is	lingo.
one tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning is	jeopardy.
one tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning is	deal or no deal.
one thing a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen is	milk.
one thing a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen is	ice cream.
one thing a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen is	meat.
one thing a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen is	butter.
one thing a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen is	cheese.
one thing a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen is	eggs.
one thing a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen is	vegetables.
one fruit that's hard to eat without getting messy is	orange.
one fruit that's hard to eat without getting messy is	watermelon.
one fruit that's hard to eat without getting messy is	tomato.
one fruit that's hard to eat without getting messy is	peach.
one physical characteristic that aliens are said to have is	wide eyes.
one physical characteristic that aliens are said to have is	big head.
one physical characteristic that aliens are said to have is	green skin.
one physical characteristic that aliens are said to have is	antennae.
one celebrity whos so handsome he could make a santa suit look sexy is	brad pitt.
one celebrity whos so handsome he could make a santa suit look sexy is	george clooney.
one celebrity whos so handsome he could make a santa suit look sexy is	tom cruise.
one celebrity whos so handsome he could make a santa suit look sexy is	will smith.
one celebrity whos so handsome he could make a santa suit look sexy is	denzel washington.
one direction you're given when having a group photo taken is	smile.
one direction you're given when having a group photo taken is	say cheese.
one direction you're given when having a group photo taken is	move left/right.
one direction you're given when having a group photo taken is	move closer.
one small space where you feel compelled to make small talk with a stranger is	elevator.
one small space where you feel compelled to make small talk with a stranger is	airplane.
one small space where you feel compelled to make small talk with a stranger is	restroom.
one small space where you feel compelled to make small talk with a stranger is	waiting room.
one small space where you feel compelled to make small talk with a stranger is	train station.
one food that gets bigger when it's cooked is	pasta.
one food that gets bigger when it's cooked is	bread.
one food that gets bigger when it's cooked is	hot dogs.
one food that gets bigger when it's cooked is	rice.
one food that gets bigger when it's cooked is	pop corn.
one food that gets bigger when it's cooked is	beans.
one food that gets bigger when it's cooked is	pancakes.
one sport that might be played at a family reunion is	football.
one sport that might be played at a family reunion is	baseball.
one sport that might be played at a family reunion is	horseshoes.
one sport that might be played at a family reunion is	frisbee.
one sport that might be played at a family reunion is	basketball.
one thing that makes you burp is	pop.
one thing that makes you burp is	cucumbers.
one thing that makes you burp is	broccili.
one thing that makes you burp is	beans.
one thing that makes you burp is	beer.
one thing that makes you burp is	radishes.
one person who has to wash their hands frequently is	doctor.
one person who has to wash their hands frequently is	cook.
one person who has to wash their hands frequently is	nurse.
one person who has to wash their hands frequently is	dentist.
one person who has to wash their hands frequently is	mechanic.
one person who has to wash their hands frequently is	restaurant worker.
one phrase that begins with the word "jump" is	jump rope.
one phrase that begins with the word "jump" is	jumpstart.
one phrase that begins with the word "jump" is	jump up.
one phrase that begins with the word "jump" is	jumping jacks.
one phrase that begins with the word "jump" is	jump for joy.
one phrase that begins with the word "jump" is	jump the broom.
one phrase that begins with the word "jump" is	jump the gun.
one actor who looks better bald is	bruce willis.
one actor who looks better bald is	vin diesel.
one actor who looks better bald is	sean connery.
one actor who looks better bald is	telly savalis.
one actor who looks better bald is	brad pitt.
one actor who looks better bald is	danny devito.
the electronic device that you use most in a day is	cell phone.
the electronic device that you use most in a day is	computer.
the electronic device that you use most in a day is	tv.
the electronic device that you use most in a day is	microwave.
one profession where you get to wear boots all day is	construction.
one profession where you get to wear boots all day is	cowboy.
one profession where you get to wear boots all day is	firefighter.
one profession where you get to wear boots all day is	army.
one profession where you get to wear boots all day is	farmer.
one profession where you get to wear boots all day is	police officer.
one age that people worry about turning is	40.
one age that people worry about turning is	50.
one age that people worry about turning is	30.
one age that people worry about turning is	60.
one occupation where you might wear suspenders is	firefighter.
one occupation where you might wear suspenders is	clown.
one occupation where you might wear suspenders is	farmer.
one occupation where you might wear suspenders is	construction.
one occupation where you might wear suspenders is	fisherman.
one occupation where you might wear suspenders is	barber.
one occupation where you might wear suspenders is	lumberjack.
one thing you'd never wear to work out at the gym is	high heels.
one thing you'd never wear to work out at the gym is	jeans.
one thing you'd never wear to work out at the gym is	dress/skirt.
one thing you'd never wear to work out at the gym is	bathing suit.
one thing you'd never wear to work out at the gym is	business suit.
one thing you'd never wear to work out at the gym is	boots.
one place in the world where people might go to get married is	las vegas.
one place in the world where people might go to get married is	hawaii.
one place in the world where people might go to get married is	paris.
one place in the world where people might go to get married is	niagra falls.
one article of clothing that only a neatfreak would iron is	underware.
one article of clothing that only a neatfreak would iron is	socks.
one article of clothing that only a neatfreak would iron is	jeans.
one article of clothing that only a neatfreak would iron is	tie.
one article of clothing that only a neatfreak would iron is	nightgown.
one noise that causes your dog to bark when he hears it on tv is	doorbell.
one noise that causes your dog to bark when he hears it on tv is	dogs barking.
one noise that causes your dog to bark when he hears it on tv is	cat.
one noise that causes your dog to bark when he hears it on tv is	siren.
one noise that causes your dog to bark when he hears it on tv is	whistle.
one downside to being the youngest child in the big family is	hand me down clothes.
one downside to being the youngest child in the big family is	treated like a baby.
one downside to being the youngest child in the big family is	picked on.
one downside to being the youngest child in the big family is	no respect.
one downside to being the youngest child in the big family is	lack of attention.
one cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words is	daffy duck.
one cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words is	porky pig.
one cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words is	elmer fudd.
one cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words is	donald duck.
one cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words is	bugs bunny.
one cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words is	sylvester.
one cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words is	tweety bird.
one thing a student might turn on when they're studying is	radio.
one thing a student might turn on when they're studying is	light.
one thing a student might turn on when they're studying is	tv.
one thing a student might turn on when they're studying is	computer.
one thing a student might turn on when they're studying is	calculator.
one class offered at gyms now that wasnt offered years ago is	yoga.
one class offered at gyms now that wasnt offered years ago is	spinning.
one class offered at gyms now that wasnt offered years ago is	pilates.
one class offered at gyms now that wasnt offered years ago is	dance workout.
one class offered at gyms now that wasnt offered years ago is	tae bo.
one quality thats important in a friend and even more important in a spouse is	trustworthiness.
one quality thats important in a friend and even more important in a spouse is	sense of humor.
one quality thats important in a friend and even more important in a spouse is	kindness.
one quality thats important in a friend and even more important in a spouse is	good communicator.
one place people go to help them think is	library.
one place people go to help them think is	place of worship.
one place people go to help them think is	parking.
one place people go to help them think is	bedroom.
one place people go to help them think is	bathroom.
one place people go to help them think is	by the ocean.
one thing that grows quickly is	weeds.
one thing that grows quickly is	kids.
one thing that grows quickly is	grass.
one thing that grows quickly is	hair.
one thing that grows quickly is	plants.
one thing that grows quickly is	animals.
one thing that you shouldnt have to do on your birthday is	work.
one thing that you shouldnt have to do on your birthday is	clean.
one thing that you shouldnt have to do on your birthday is	cook.
one thing that you shouldnt have to do on your birthday is	play.
one book you carry around to impress one person else is	religous scripture.
one book you carry around to impress one person else is	dictionary.
one book you carry around to impress one person else is	little black book.
one book you carry around to impress one person else is	daily planner.
one book you carry around to impress one person else is	atlas.
one book you carry around to impress one person else is	diary.
one thing people use pins for is	clothes.
one thing people use pins for is	sewing.
one thing people use pins for is	hold papers.
one thing people use pins for is	hair.
one thing people use pins for is	diapers.
one situation in which one person might get crowned is	prom.
one situation in which one person might get crowned is	coronation.
one situation in which one person might get crowned is	beauty pageant.
one situation in which one person might get crowned is	homecoming.
one way that you wish your life was more like your cat's life is	sleep all day.
one way that you wish your life was more like your cat's life is	have 9 lives.
one way that you wish your life was more like your cat's life is	pleny of food.
one way that you wish your life was more like your cat's life is	no job.
one way that you wish your life was more like your cat's life is	plenty of play time.
one place you might see a balcony is	house.
one place you might see a balcony is	hotel.
one place you might see a balcony is	theater.
one place you might see a balcony is	restaurant.
one place on your body that you cant scratch when it itches is	back.
one place on your body that you cant scratch when it itches is	bottom.
one place on your body that you cant scratch when it itches is	foot.
one place on your body that you cant scratch when it itches is	throat.
one place on your body that you cant scratch when it itches is	eyes.
one thing that fast food rarely comes without is	fries.
one thing that fast food rarely comes without is	ketchup.
one thing that fast food rarely comes without is	grease.
one thing that fast food rarely comes without is	salt.
one thing that fast food rarely comes without is	fat.
one thing that fast food rarely comes without is	beverage.
one thing that fast food rarely comes without is	napkins.
one thing cowboys are good at is	riding horses.
one thing cowboys are good at is	roping.
one thing cowboys are good at is	rodeo.
one meal youd never serve at a fancy party is	pizza.
one meal youd never serve at a fancy party is	hot dog.
one meal youd never serve at a fancy party is	hamburger.
one meal youd never serve at a fancy party is	spaghetti.
one meal youd never serve at a fancy party is	meatloaf.
one meal youd never serve at a fancy party is	sloppy joe.
one thing you might do after your house has been robbed is	call police.
one thing you might do after your house has been robbed is	get an alarm.
one thing you might do after your house has been robbed is	move.
one thing you might do after your house has been robbed is	cry.
one thing you might do after your house has been robbed is	yell.
one grown-up activity kids do when they're playing pretend is	play teacher/go to job.
one grown-up activity kids do when they're playing pretend is	dress up/make up.
one grown-up activity kids do when they're playing pretend is	go to doctor.
one grown-up activity kids do when they're playing pretend is	cook.
one grown-up activity kids do when they're playing pretend is	have a wedding.
one grown-up activity kids do when they're playing pretend is	act like mom/dad.
one occupation where you have to be really smart is	doctor.
one occupation where you have to be really smart is	lawyer.
one occupation where you have to be really smart is	scientist.
one occupation where you have to be really smart is	engineer.
one occupation where you have to be really smart is	accountant.
one thing youd hate to have happen while housesitting is	fire.
one thing youd hate to have happen while housesitting is	get robbed.
one thing youd hate to have happen while housesitting is	break something.
one thing youd hate to have happen while housesitting is	tornado.
one thing kids forget when leaving for school is	lunch.
one thing kids forget when leaving for school is	backpack.
one comic book hero that wears a red, white and blue costume is	superman.
one comic book hero that wears a red, white and blue costume is	captain america.
one comic book hero that wears a red, white and blue costume is	spider man.
one comic book hero that wears a red, white and blue costume is	wonder woman.
one pizza topping a vegetarian would never order is	sausage.
one pizza topping a vegetarian would never order is	pepperoni.
one pizza topping a vegetarian would never order is	ground beef.
one pizza topping a vegetarian would never order is	bacon.
one pizza topping a vegetarian would never order is	ham.
one pizza topping a vegetarian would never order is	chicken.
one activity that's often described in christmas songs, tho people seldom do it in real life is	carol.
one activity that's often described in christmas songs, tho people seldom do it in real life is	deck the halls.
one activity that's often described in christmas songs, tho people seldom do it in real life is	sleigh ride.
one activity that's often described in christmas songs, tho people seldom do it in real life is	roast chestnuts.
one activity that's often described in christmas songs, tho people seldom do it in real life is	walk/play in snow.
some things that annoy you in public places such as restaurants is	smoking.
some things that annoy you in public places such as restaurants is	cell phone.
some things that annoy you in public places such as restaurants is	kids.
some things that annoy you in public places such as restaurants is	noise.
one thing a nervous skydiver might do to distract himself before a jump is	pray.
one thing a nervous skydiver might do to distract himself before a jump is	sing.
one thing a nervous skydiver might do to distract himself before a jump is	close eyes.
one thing a nervous skydiver might do to distract himself before a jump is	count.
one thing a nervous skydiver might do to distract himself before a jump is	talk.
one thing a nervous skydiver might do to distract himself before a jump is	look outside.
one thing you can't be afraid of if you want to become a fisherman is	water.
one thing you can't be afraid of if you want to become a fisherman is	fish.
one thing you can't be afraid of if you want to become a fisherman is	hooks.
one thing you can't be afraid of if you want to become a fisherman is	boats.
one thing you can't be afraid of if you want to become a fisherman is	worms.
one tv show youd never want your name mentioned on is	jerry springer.
one tv show youd never want your name mentioned on is	cops.
one tv show youd never want your name mentioned on is	cheaters.
one tv show youd never want your name mentioned on is	the nightly news.
one tv show youd never want your name mentioned on is	america's most wanted.
one tv show youd never want your name mentioned on is	oprah winfrey.
one tv show youd never want your name mentioned on is	judge judy.
one place where you might see a lot of rats is	alley.
one place where you might see a lot of rats is	sewer.
one place where you might see a lot of rats is	new york city.
one place where you might see a lot of rats is	dumpster.
one place where you might see a lot of rats is	garage.
one place where you might see a lot of rats is	barn.
one place where you might see a lot of rats is	basement.
one thing that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive is	make up.
one thing that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive is	nice haircut.
one thing that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive is	great smile.
one thing that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive is	personality.
one thing that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive is	clothes.
one thing that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive is	money.
one thing that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive is	alcohol.
one thing a politician does when scandalous news breaks out about them is	lie/deny it.
one thing a politician does when scandalous news breaks out about them is	go into hiding.
one thing a politician does when scandalous news breaks out about them is	apology/press conference.
one thing a politician does when scandalous news breaks out about them is	resign.
one thing that even a very small town usually has one of is	gas station.
one thing that even a very small town usually has one of is	post office.
one thing that even a very small town usually has one of is	bank.
one thing that even a very small town usually has one of is	church.
one thing that even a very small town usually has one of is	grocery store.
one thing that even a very small town usually has one of is	bar.
one thing that even a very small town usually has one of is	police station.
one thing that gets stripped is	paint/wall paper.
one thing that gets stripped is	wood/furniture.
one thing that gets stripped is	used/stolen car.
one thing that gets stripped is	bedding.
one thing that gets stripped is	clothes/people.
one thing that gets stripped is	screw.
one character famous for selling cereal is	tony the tiger.
one character famous for selling cereal is	cap'n crunch.
one character famous for selling cereal is	trix rabbit.
one character famous for selling cereal is	toucan sam.
one thing you might be asked to do at the doctor's office is	undress.
one thing you might be asked to do at the doctor's office is	cough.
one thing you might be asked to do at the doctor's office is	wait.
one thing you might be asked to do at the doctor's office is	open mouth.
one thing you might be asked to do at the doctor's office is	bend over.
one thing you might be asked to do at the doctor's office is	urine sample.
one place where hot dogs are often served is	sporting event.
one place where hot dogs are often served is	carnival.
one place where hot dogs are often served is	street corner.
one place where hot dogs are often served is	beach.
one thing a grown woman might lie about but a young girl wouldnt is	age.
one thing a grown woman might lie about but a young girl wouldnt is	weight.
one thing a grown woman might lie about but a young girl wouldnt is	love life.
one thing a college student might hide before his parents came to visit is	beer.
one thing a college student might hide before his parents came to visit is	dirty clothes.
one thing a college student might hide before his parents came to visit is	grades.
one thing a college student might hide before his parents came to visit is	sweetheart.
one thing a college student might hide before his parents came to visit is	cigarettes.
one thing a college student might hide before his parents came to visit is	dirty dishes.
one famous store in new york city is	macy's.
one famous store in new york city is	saks fifth avenue.
one famous store in new york city is	bloomingdale's.
one famous store in new york city is	tiffany's.
one famous store in new york city is	fao schwartz.
one famous store in new york city is	barney's.
one popular air freshener scent is	vanilla.
one popular air freshener scent is	pine.
one popular air freshener scent is	strawberry.
one popular air freshener scent is	cinnamon.
one popular air freshener scent is	lemon.
one popular air freshener scent is	spice.
one article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine is	shoes.
one article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine is	brassiere.
one article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine is	hat.
one article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine is	coat.
one article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine is	sweater.
one article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine is	suit.
one article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine is	gown.
one "jane" you've seen on tv is	jane fonda.
one "jane" you've seen on tv is	jane lynch.
one "jane" you've seen on tv is	jane krakowski.
one "jane" you've seen on tv is	jane curtain.
one "jane" you've seen on tv is	jane seymore.
one "jane" you've seen on tv is	tarzan's jane.
one thing you see a lot of in the summer is	flowers.
one thing you see a lot of in the summer is	sun.
one thing you see a lot of in the summer is	swimming suit.
one thing you see a lot of in the summer is	people in shorts.
one thing you see a lot of in the summer is	bugs.
one thing you see a lot of in the summer is	kids playing.
one thing you'd wear to a roaring '20s themed party is	hat/headband.
one thing you'd wear to a roaring '20s themed party is	flapper dress.
one thing you'd wear to a roaring '20s themed party is	beads.
one thing you'd wear to a roaring '20s themed party is	wig/bob.
one thing you'd wear to a roaring '20s themed party is	feather/boa.
one room that you'd find in a mansion, but not a regular house is	library/study.
one room that you'd find in a mansion, but not a regular house is	game room.
one room that you'd find in a mansion, but not a regular house is	pool room.
one room that you'd find in a mansion, but not a regular house is	parlor.
one room that you'd find in a mansion, but not a regular house is	home theatre.
one thing you might see in a high school shop class(tools is not an answer,be more specific) is	wood.
one thing you might see in a high school shop class(tools is not an answer,be more specific) is	saw.
one thing you might see in a high school shop class(tools is not an answer,be more specific) is	car.
one thing you might see in a high school shop class(tools is not an answer,be more specific) is	drill.
one thing you might see in a high school shop class(tools is not an answer,be more specific) is	books.
one thing you might see in a high school shop class(tools is not an answer,be more specific) is	lathe.
one thing you might see in a high school shop class(tools is not an answer,be more specific) is	hammer.
the age at which people stop borrowing money from their parents is	35.
the age at which people stop borrowing money from their parents is	25.
the age at which people stop borrowing money from their parents is	21.
the age at which people stop borrowing money from their parents is	18.
the age at which people stop borrowing money from their parents is	never.
one thing people wore more of in the 1800s than they do today is	hats/bonnets.
one thing people wore more of in the 1800s than they do today is	dresses/hoop skirts.
one thing people wore more of in the 1800s than they do today is	wigs.
one thing people wore more of in the 1800s than they do today is	corsets.
one person other than family and friends that you would confide in is	pastor.
one person other than family and friends that you would confide in is	teacher.
one person other than family and friends that you would confide in is	doctor.
one person other than family and friends that you would confide in is	co worker.
one person other than family and friends that you would confide in is	therapist.
one article of clothing a restaurant might require its customers to wear is	shirt.
one article of clothing a restaurant might require its customers to wear is	shoes.
one article of clothing a restaurant might require its customers to wear is	tie.
one article of clothing a restaurant might require its customers to wear is	sports coat.
one article of clothing a restaurant might require its customers to wear is	pants.
one thing you never cook at home, but order when eating at the restaurant is	lobster.
one thing you never cook at home, but order when eating at the restaurant is	steak.
one thing you never cook at home, but order when eating at the restaurant is	fish.
one thing you never cook at home, but order when eating at the restaurant is	french fries.
one thing an employee sitting in the cubicle next to you might do that annoys you is	talks too loud.
one thing an employee sitting in the cubicle next to you might do that annoys you is	tap pen/pencil.
one thing an employee sitting in the cubicle next to you might do that annoys you is	sings.
one thing an employee sitting in the cubicle next to you might do that annoys you is	cough.
one thing an employee sitting in the cubicle next to you might do that annoys you is	chew gum.
one thing kids insist on doing by themselves even if it takes a long time is	tying their shoelaces.
one thing kids insist on doing by themselves even if it takes a long time is	getting dressed.
one thing kids insist on doing by themselves even if it takes a long time is	eating.
one thing kids insist on doing by themselves even if it takes a long time is	taking a bath.
one thing kids insist on doing by themselves even if it takes a long time is	doing their homework.
one thing you might climb a tree to get is	cat.
one thing you might climb a tree to get is	fruit.
one thing you might climb a tree to get is	ball.
one thing you might climb a tree to get is	kite.
one place in the house where frightened children go during a thunderstorm is	closet.
one place in the house where frightened children go during a thunderstorm is	parent's bed.
one place in the house where frightened children go during a thunderstorm is	under their bed.
one place in the house where frightened children go during a thunderstorm is	basement.
one thing a woman should know a man before marrying him is	income.
one thing a woman should know a man before marrying him is	age.
one thing a woman should know a man before marrying him is	does he have kids.
one thing a woman should know a man before marrying him is	his name.
one thing a woman should know a man before marrying him is	past relationships.
one place that might be dimly lit is	restaurant.
one place that might be dimly lit is	bar.
one place that might be dimly lit is	movie theater.
one place that might be dimly lit is	basement.
one place that might be dimly lit is	alley.
one thing you imagine cavemen gave their girlfriends is	rock.
one thing you imagine cavemen gave their girlfriends is	meat.
one thing you imagine cavemen gave their girlfriends is	club.
one thing you imagine cavemen gave their girlfriends is	bones.
one thing you do when your computer freezes up is	re boot.
one thing you do when your computer freezes up is	walk away.
one thing you do when your computer freezes up is	yell.
one thing you do when your computer freezes up is	curse.
one dangerous hobby you wouldn't want your partner to have is	skydiving.
one dangerous hobby you wouldn't want your partner to have is	hunting.
one dangerous hobby you wouldn't want your partner to have is	flying.
one dangerous hobby you wouldn't want your partner to have is	rock climbing.
one dangerous hobby you wouldn't want your partner to have is	car racing.
one dangerous hobby you wouldn't want your partner to have is	motorcycling.
one thing you hope to have your seat near while riding in a plane is	window.
one thing you hope to have your seat near while riding in a plane is	bathroom.
one thing you hope to have your seat near while riding in a plane is	exit.
one thing you hope to have your seat near while riding in a plane is	aisle.
one professional football team thats named for an animal is	bears.
one professional football team thats named for an animal is	dolphins.
one professional football team thats named for an animal is	lions.
one professional football team thats named for an animal is	eagles.
one professional football team thats named for an animal is	panthers.
one professional football team thats named for an animal is	colts.
one professional football team thats named for an animal is	rams.
one thing thats fake on wwf wrestling is	blood.
one thing thats fake on wwf wrestling is	wrestling.
one thing thats fake on wwf wrestling is	bodies.
one thing thats fake on wwf wrestling is	names.
one thing thats fake on wwf wrestling is	injuries.
one thing thats fake on wwf wrestling is	tan.
one wedding gift that the bride and groom can never have too much of is	money.
one wedding gift that the bride and groom can never have too much of is	towels.
one wedding gift that the bride and groom can never have too much of is	dishes.
one wedding gift that the bride and groom can never have too much of is	eating utensils.
one job you'd have a hard time doing if you couldn't type well is	secretary.
one job you'd have a hard time doing if you couldn't type well is	data entry.
one job you'd have a hard time doing if you couldn't type well is	accountant.
one job you'd have a hard time doing if you couldn't type well is	writer.
one job you'd have a hard time doing if you couldn't type well is	court reporter.
one job you'd have a hard time doing if you couldn't type well is	programmer.
one way a student finds out it is a snow day is	radio.
one way a student finds out it is a snow day is	parents.
one thing in the house that you shouldnt leave on when you go out is	lights.
one thing in the house that you shouldnt leave on when you go out is	oven.
one thing in the house that you shouldnt leave on when you go out is	coffeemaker.
one thing in the house that you shouldnt leave on when you go out is	tv.
one thing in the house that you shouldnt leave on when you go out is	iron.
one word that you might see before or after the word wax is	ear wax.
one word that you might see before or after the word wax is	car watch.
one word that you might see before or after the word wax is	beeswax.
one word that you might see before or after the word wax is	hot wax.
one word that you might see before or after the word wax is	wax museum.
one word that you might see before or after the word wax is	wax paper.
one word that you might see before or after the word wax is	candle wax.
one dessert youd find in every cafeteria is	jello.
one dessert youd find in every cafeteria is	pudding.
one dessert youd find in every cafeteria is	cake.
one dessert youd find in every cafeteria is	pie.
one dessert youd find in every cafeteria is	ice cream.
one dessert youd find in every cafeteria is	brownies.
one thing you would hate to find under your bed is	monster.
one thing you would hate to find under your bed is	snake.
one thing you would hate to find under your bed is	rotting food.
one thing you would hate to find under your bed is	spider.
one thing you would hate to find under your bed is	rodent.
one thing you would hate to find under your bed is	dust.
one thing you would hate to find under your bed is	person.
one bad job for one person who always tells the truth is	lawyer.
one bad job for one person who always tells the truth is	used car sales.
one bad job for one person who always tells the truth is	politician.
one bad job for one person who always tells the truth is	spy.
one reason a person might wear a disguise is	halloween party.
one reason a person might wear a disguise is	robber/on the run.
one reason a person might wear a disguise is	undercover spy.
one reason a person might wear a disguise is	celebrity.
one reason a person might wear a disguise is	witness protection.
one thing people use to smell good but you wouldnt use to eliminate you dogs odor is	perfume.
one thing people use to smell good but you wouldnt use to eliminate you dogs odor is	deodorant.
one thing people use to smell good but you wouldnt use to eliminate you dogs odor is	lotion.
one thing people use to smell good but you wouldnt use to eliminate you dogs odor is	after shave.
one thing people use to smell good but you wouldnt use to eliminate you dogs odor is	mouth wash.
one thing specific a rental car company checks when you return your car is	mileage.
one thing specific a rental car company checks when you return your car is	gas.
one thing specific a rental car company checks when you return your car is	if there is damage.
one thing specific a rental car company checks when you return your car is	if it is clean.
one country with a very long name is	afghanastan.
one country with a very long name is	austrailia.
one country with a very long name is	switzerland.
one country with a very long name is	u.s.of america.
one thing in your house that's been passed down for generations is	furniture.
one thing in your house that's been passed down for generations is	jewelry.
one thing in your house that's been passed down for generations is	clock.
one thing in your house that's been passed down for generations is	china.
one thing in your house that's been passed down for generations is	photo.
one thing in your house that's been passed down for generations is	clothes.
one famous past or present couple who you'd hate to live next door to is	the osbournes.
one famous past or present couple who you'd hate to live next door to is	brad & angelina.
one famous past or present couple who you'd hate to live next door to is	jon & kate.
one famous past or present couple who you'd hate to live next door to is	addams family.
one famous past or present couple who you'd hate to live next door to is	bonnie & clyde.
one thing you are embarrassed to do in front of people at the gym is	change clothes.
one thing you are embarrassed to do in front of people at the gym is	shower.
one thing you are embarrassed to do in front of people at the gym is	pass gas.
one thing you are embarrassed to do in front of people at the gym is	run.
one thing you are embarrassed to do in front of people at the gym is	stretch/bend over.
one thing you are embarrassed to do in front of people at the gym is	dance.
one specific food that's hard to cook well, without burning is	steak.
one specific food that's hard to cook well, without burning is	eggs.
one specific food that's hard to cook well, without burning is	toast.
one specific food that's hard to cook well, without burning is	chicken.
one specific food that's hard to cook well, without burning is	cookies.
one way children submit their wishlists to santa is	mail.
one way children submit their wishlists to santa is	tell parents.
one way children submit their wishlists to santa is	email.
one way children submit their wishlists to santa is	tell santa.
one way children submit their wishlists to santa is	prayers.
one way children submit their wishlists to santa is	leave under the tree.
one thing a parent might limit their childs time using is	tv.
one thing a parent might limit their childs time using is	computer.
one thing a parent might limit their childs time using is	video games.
one thing a parent might limit their childs time using is	phone.
one thing people leave on their nightstand before going to bed is	eye glasses.
one thing people leave on their nightstand before going to bed is	water.
one thing people are often chased by in movies is	monsters.
one thing people are often chased by in movies is	police officer.
one thing people are often chased by in movies is	killers.
one thing people are often chased by in movies is	cars.
one thing people are often chased by in movies is	bad guys.
one thing people are often chased by in movies is	aliens.
one thing people are often chased by in movies is	dogs.
one thing an adult might take lessons to learn how to do is	dancing.
one thing an adult might take lessons to learn how to do is	cooking lessons.
one thing an adult might take lessons to learn how to do is	computer skills.
one thing an adult might take lessons to learn how to do is	singing lessons.
one thing an adult might take lessons to learn how to do is	playing piano.
one thing an adult might take lessons to learn how to do is	drive a car.
one thing an adult might take lessons to learn how to do is	golf.
one thing a mom might tell her kid to shower after doing is	playing outside.
one thing a mom might tell her kid to shower after doing is	playing sports.
one thing a mom might tell her kid to shower after doing is	swimming.
one thing a mom might tell her kid to shower after doing is	getting out of bed.
one thing new parents have to agree on before their baby is born is	name.
one thing new parents have to agree on before their baby is born is	religion.
one thing new parents have to agree on before their baby is born is	room color.
one thing new parents have to agree on before their baby is born is	childcare.
one thing new parents have to agree on before their baby is born is	discipline.
one thing in your house that can be set is	alarm/clock.
one thing in your house that can be set is	table.
one thing in your house that can be set is	tv/tivo.
one thing in your house that can be set is	vcr/dvd player.
the part of the wedding that the bride and groom might do more out of tradition than choice is	vows.
the part of the wedding that the bride and groom might do more out of tradition than choice is	kiss on command.
the part of the wedding that the bride and groom might do more out of tradition than choice is	dance.
the part of the wedding that the bride and groom might do more out of tradition than choice is	cut the cake.
the part of the wedding that the bride and groom might do more out of tradition than choice is	throw bouqueu.
the part of the wedding that the bride and groom might do more out of tradition than choice is	bridal song.
one street that you'll find in almost every city in america is	main.
one street that you'll find in almost every city in america is	elm.
one street that you'll find in almost every city in america is	martin l king.
one street that you'll find in almost every city in america is	maple.
one candy that comes in different colors is	skittles.
one candy that comes in different colors is	m&m.
one candy that comes in different colors is	lifesavers.
one candy that comes in different colors is	starburst.
one candy that comes in different colors is	now & laters.
one candy that comes in different colors is	taffy.
one candy that comes in different colors is	jolly ranchers.
one excuse that bosses are probably tired of hearing from late employees is	slow traffic.
one excuse that bosses are probably tired of hearing from late employees is	wasn't feeling well.
one excuse that bosses are probably tired of hearing from late employees is	alarm didn't go off.
one excuse that bosses are probably tired of hearing from late employees is	car trouble.
one singer of classic holiday standards is	bing crosby.
one singer of classic holiday standards is	nat king cole.
one complaint people have about shoes with laces is	come untied.
one complaint people have about shoes with laces is	length.
one complaint people have about shoes with laces is	knots.
one complaint people have about shoes with laces is	too tight.
one thing that people like to show off is	car.
one thing that people like to show off is	wealth.
one thing that people like to show off is	house.
one thing that people like to show off is	kids.
one thing that people like to show off is	body.
one thing that people like to show off is	new clothes.
one thing that people like to show off is	weeding ring/ jewelry.
one thing adults always ask kids about school is	have homework?.
one thing adults always ask kids about school is	how are your grades?.
one thing adults always ask kids about school is	how was your day?.
one thing adults always ask kids about school is	what did you learn?.
one thing adults always ask kids about school is	when is your test?.
one part of the body where people sprinkle powder is	feet.
one part of the body where people sprinkle powder is	bottom.
one part of the body where people sprinkle powder is	chest.
one part of the body where people sprinkle powder is	underarms.
one part of the body where people sprinkle powder is	back.
one part of the body where people sprinkle powder is	legs.
one place you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud is	place of worship.
one place you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud is	funeral.
one place you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud is	classs.
one place you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud is	library.
one place you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud is	symphany.
one place you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud is	morgue.
one place you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud is	court.
one reason you might be less productive then usual at work is	tired.
one reason you might be less productive then usual at work is	sick.
one reason you might be less productive then usual at work is	hung over.
one reason you might be less productive then usual at work is	stressed.
one reason you might be less productive then usual at work is	computer trouble.
one activity kids do at day camp is	swim.
one activity kids do at day camp is	hiking.
one thing stressful that couples do together is	argue/counseling.
one thing stressful that couples do together is	manage money.
one thing stressful that couples do together is	raise kids.
one thing stressful that couples do together is	plan a wedding.
one thing stressful that couples do together is	buy a house.
one thing a home might have to make it energy efficient is	solar panels.
one thing a home might have to make it energy efficient is	good insulation.
one thing a home might have to make it energy efficient is	efficient bilbs.
one thing a home might have to make it energy efficient is	new windows.
one word or phrase that begins with the word "mouth" is	mouth wash.
one word or phrase that begins with the word "mouth" is	mouth off.
one word or phrase that begins with the word "mouth" is	mouth to mouth.
one word or phrase that begins with the word "mouth" is	mouthful.
one word or phrase that begins with the word "mouth" is	mouthguard/piece.
one thing a school might forbid students from wearing is	hat.
one thing a school might forbid students from wearing is	shorts.
one thing a school might forbid students from wearing is	mini skirt.
one thing a school might forbid students from wearing is	tank top.
one thing a school might forbid students from wearing is	jewelry.
one thing a school might forbid students from wearing is	make up.
one thing that can be spoiled is	milk.
one thing that can be spoiled is	food.
one thing that can be spoiled is	kids.
one thing that can be spoiled is	a surprise.
one activity people do on christmas eve is	sing carols.
one activity people do on christmas eve is	go to church.
one activity people do on christmas eve is	party.
one activity people do on christmas eve is	eat.
one activity people do on christmas eve is	trim the tree.
one activity people do on christmas eve is	visit family.
one activity people do on christmas eve is	wrap presents.
one type of gymnastic move almost every kid knows how to do is	cart wheel.
one type of gymnastic move almost every kid knows how to do is	somersault.
one type of gymnastic move almost every kid knows how to do is	tumbling.
one type of gymnastic move almost every kid knows how to do is	flip.
one type of gymnastic move almost every kid knows how to do is	balance beam.
one book that students keep on hand for reference is	dictionary.
one book that students keep on hand for reference is	encyclopedia.
one book that students keep on hand for reference is	thesaurus.
one book that students keep on hand for reference is	atlas.
one phrase that begins with the word "open" is	house.
one phrase that begins with the word "open" is	sesame.
one phrase that begins with the word "open" is	door.
one phrase that begins with the word "open" is	minded.
one phrase that begins with the word "open" is	book.
one phrase that begins with the word "open" is	season.
one phrase that begins with the word "open" is	bar.
one thing the average person might have to do if they wanted to be a sumo wrestler is	gain a lot of weight.
one thing the average person might have to do if they wanted to be a sumo wrestler is	train.
one thing the average person might have to do if they wanted to be a sumo wrestler is	work out.
one thing the average person might have to do if they wanted to be a sumo wrestler is	visit japan.
one thing youd expect to find on a pirates ship is	pirates.
one thing youd expect to find on a pirates ship is	treasure.
one thing youd expect to find on a pirates ship is	parrot.
one thing youd expect to find on a pirates ship is	pirate flag.
one thing youd expect to find on a pirates ship is	sword.
one thing youd expect to find on a pirates ship is	plank.
one thing youd expect to find on a pirates ship is	rum.
one weather term that can also describe your wife is	hot.
one weather term that can also describe your wife is	stormy/violent.
one weather term that can also describe your wife is	cold/frigid.
one weather term that can also describe your wife is	sunny.
one weather term that can also describe your wife is	gloomy.
one weather term that can also describe your wife is	icy.
one airline you can fly almost anywhere in the us is	united.
one airline you can fly almost anywhere in the us is	american.
one airline you can fly almost anywhere in the us is	southwest.
one airline you can fly almost anywhere in the us is	delta.
one thing they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game is	caps.
one thing they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game is	baseball.
one thing they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game is	t shirts.
one thing they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game is	free tickets.
one thing they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game is	baseball cards.
one thing they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game is	stickers.
one thing they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game is	autographs.
one thing you try to prevent from getting flat is	tire.
one thing you try to prevent from getting flat is	hair.
one thing you try to prevent from getting flat is	soda.
one thing you try to prevent from getting flat is	beer.
one person who youd never trust to set you up on a blind date is	mother.
one person who youd never trust to set you up on a blind date is	sibling.
one person who youd never trust to set you up on a blind date is	ex.
one thing that college students get stolen from them on campus is	computer.
one thing that college students get stolen from them on campus is	money.
one thing that college students get stolen from them on campus is	book.
one thing that college students get stolen from them on campus is	car.
one thing that college students get stolen from them on campus is	bike.
one thing that college students get stolen from them on campus is	phone.
one thing that college students get stolen from them on campus is	ipod.
one thing you do at work although you know youre not supposed to is	use cell phone.
one thing you do at work although you know youre not supposed to is	take naps.
one thing you do at work although you know youre not supposed to is	surf the internet.
one thing you do at work although you know youre not supposed to is	smoke.
one thing you do at work although you know youre not supposed to is	chat online.
one thing everyone knows about the dog "lassie" is	collie.
one thing everyone knows about the dog "lassie" is	rescues people.
one thing everyone knows about the dog "lassie" is	smart.
one thing everyone knows about the dog "lassie" is	always comes home.
one thing everyone knows about the dog "lassie" is	owned by timmy.
one thing everyone knows about the dog "lassie" is	girl dog.
one person you wish wouldn't call so often is	telemarketers.
one person you wish wouldn't call so often is	in laws.
one person you wish wouldn't call so often is	bill collectors.
one person you wish wouldn't call so often is	mother.
one person you wish wouldn't call so often is	girlfriend.
one person you wish wouldn't call so often is	crank callers.
one person you wish wouldn't call so often is	boyfriend.
one thing that would cause you to quit your job on your first day is	rude boss.
one thing that would cause you to quit your job on your first day is	too stressfull.
one thing that would cause you to quit your job on your first day is	bad pay.
one thing that would cause you to quit your job on your first day is	long hours/schedule.
one thing that would cause you to quit your job on your first day is	dangerous.
one thing a president probably has with him everywhere he goes is	secret service.
one thing a president probably has with him everywhere he goes is	cell phone.
one thing a president probably has with him everywhere he goes is	money.
one thing a president probably has with him everywhere he goes is	first lady.
one thing a president probably has with him everywhere he goes is	assistant.
one thing cinderella would have a hard time doing in her glass slippers is	running.
one thing cinderella would have a hard time doing in her glass slippers is	tap dancing.
one thing cinderella would have a hard time doing in her glass slippers is	walking.
one thing cinderella would have a hard time doing in her glass slippers is	mopping.
one thing cinderella would have a hard time doing in her glass slippers is	jumping.
one thing a cowboy wears that's made of leather is	chaps.
one thing a cowboy wears that's made of leather is	boots.
one thing a cowboy wears that's made of leather is	gloves.
one thing a cowboy wears that's made of leather is	belt.
one thing a cowboy wears that's made of leather is	vest.
one thing a cowboy wears that's made of leather is	jacket.
one thing you'd be surprised to find that a superhero couldn't do is	fly.
one thing you'd be surprised to find that a superhero couldn't do is	fight.
one thing you'd be surprised to find that a superhero couldn't do is	apprehend bad guys.
one thing you'd be surprised to find that a superhero couldn't do is	lift heavy weight.
one thing a kid might do to get out of participating in gym class is	fake sick.
one thing a kid might do to get out of participating in gym class is	get injured.
one thing a kid might do to get out of participating in gym class is	doctor's note.
one thing a kid might do to get out of participating in gym class is	skip class.
one thing a kid might do to get out of participating in gym class is	forget gym clothes.
one thing you wouldnt want your children to do as you do is	smoke.
one thing you wouldnt want your children to do as you do is	drink alcohol.
one thing you wouldnt want your children to do as you do is	swear.
one thing you wouldnt want your children to do as you do is	eat.
one thing you wouldnt want your children to do as you do is	drive.
one thing you wouldnt want your children to do as you do is	work.
one thing you wouldnt want your children to do as you do is	gossip.
one person or character who is referred to as "lady" is	lady gaga.
one person or character who is referred to as "lady" is	royalty/princess diana.
one person or character who is referred to as "lady" is	first lady.
one person or character who is referred to as "lady" is	dog/lady and the tramp.
one thing a patient might do that would make a dentist complain is	bite.
one thing a patient might do that would make a dentist complain is	move a lot.
one thing a patient might do that would make a dentist complain is	scream.
one thing a patient might do that would make a dentist complain is	not brushing.
one thing a patient might do that would make a dentist complain is	talk.
one thing a patient might do that would make a dentist complain is	spit.
one thing a patient might do that would make a dentist complain is	close mouth.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner is	bottle of wine.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner is	candles.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner is	whipped cream.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner is	strawberries.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner is	champagne.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner is	oysters.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner is	flowers.
one thing that people believe will tell you a lot about a person is	eyes.
one thing that people believe will tell you a lot about a person is	clothes.
one thing that people believe will tell you a lot about a person is	hands.
one thing that people believe will tell you a lot about a person is	smile.
one thing that people believe will tell you a lot about a person is	horoscope sign.
one thing you'd hate to land in after skydiving is	water.
one thing you'd hate to land in after skydiving is	manure.
one thing you'd hate to land in after skydiving is	tree.
one thing you'd hate to land in after skydiving is	mud.
one thing you'd hate to land in after skydiving is	cactus.
one thing you'd hate to land in after skydiving is	rocks.
one thing you'd hate to land in after skydiving is	sand.
one thing people serve with biscuits is	gravy.
one thing people serve with biscuits is	butter.
one thing people serve with biscuits is	mashed potatoes.
one thing people serve with biscuits is	jelly.
one thing people serve with biscuits is	honey.
one animal that walks on 4 legs, but can't give rides is	cat.
one animal that walks on 4 legs, but can't give rides is	dog.
one animal that walks on 4 legs, but can't give rides is	cow.
one animal that walks on 4 legs, but can't give rides is	pig.
one store thats always open even on christmas day is	discount.
one store thats always open even on christmas day is	convenience store.
one store thats always open even on christmas day is	grocery store.
one store thats always open even on christmas day is	drugstore.
one store thats always open even on christmas day is	gas station.
one store thats always open even on christmas day is	department store.
one store thats always open even on christmas day is	toy store.
one chain store that's put a lot of mom and pop stores out of business is	wal mart.
one chain store that's put a lot of mom and pop stores out of business is	starbucks.
one chain store that's put a lot of mom and pop stores out of business is	home depot.
one chain store that's put a lot of mom and pop stores out of business is	mcdonald's.
one chain store that's put a lot of mom and pop stores out of business is	barnes & noble.
one thing the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do is	poke eyes.
one thing the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do is	slap.
one thing the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do is	laugh.
one thing the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do is	kick.
one thing the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do is	bite.
one thing the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do is	head butt.
one thing the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do is	funny noises.
one thing you use to bake a pumpkin pie is	pumpkin.
one thing you use to bake a pumpkin pie is	oven.
one thing you use to bake a pumpkin pie is	pie pan.
one thing you use to bake a pumpkin pie is	spices.
one thing you use to bake a pumpkin pie is	evaporated milk.
one food you eat at thanksgiving, but not during the rest of the year is	stuffing.
one food you eat at thanksgiving, but not during the rest of the year is	cranberry sauce.
one food you eat at thanksgiving, but not during the rest of the year is	pumpkin pie.
one food you eat at thanksgiving, but not during the rest of the year is	yams.
one article of clothing that most people have 10 of is	pairs of shoes.
one article of clothing that most people have 10 of is	pairs of socks.
one article of clothing that most people have 10 of is	shirts.
one person kids write letters to is	santa.
one person kids write letters to is	parents.
one person kids write letters to is	grandparents.
one person kids write letters to is	friends.
one person kids write letters to is	pen pal.
one person kids write letters to is	president.
one thing specific thats fun to get in the mail is	paycheck/money.
one thing specific thats fun to get in the mail is	postcard.
one thing specific thats fun to get in the mail is	package/gift.
one thing specific thats fun to get in the mail is	magazine.
one thing specific thats fun to get in the mail is	letter.
one thing specific thats fun to get in the mail is	coupons.
one thing that might make you throw up is	food poisoning.
one thing that might make you throw up is	drinking.
one thing that might make you throw up is	somebody vomits.
one thing that might make you throw up is	flu.
one thing that might make you throw up is	medicine.
one thing that might make you throw up is	roller coaster.
one thing a person with extra long arms would be good at is	sports.
one thing a person with extra long arms would be good at is	reaching.
one thing a person with extra long arms would be good at is	hugging.
one thing a person with extra long arms would be good at is	rock climbing.
one thing a person with extra long arms would be good at is	paint ceilings.
one thing a person with extra long arms would be good at is	change lightbulbs.
one thing a celebrity might go on a talk show to promote is	movie.
one thing a celebrity might go on a talk show to promote is	album.
one thing a celebrity might go on a talk show to promote is	book.
one popular elvis presley movie is	jailhouse rock.
one popular elvis presley movie is	viva las vegas.
one popular elvis presley movie is	blue hawaii.
one popular elvis presley movie is	love me tender.
one popular elvis presley movie is	girls girls girls.
one popular elvis presley movie is	king creole.
the hardest position to play on a baseball team is	pitcher.
the hardest position to play on a baseball team is	catcher.
the hardest position to play on a baseball team is	shortstop.
the hardest position to play on a baseball team is	first base.
one movie involving an elephant is	dumbo.
one movie involving an elephant is	the jungle book.
one thing you do at home, but not while staying in a hotel is	cook.
one thing you do at home, but not while staying in a hotel is	clean.
one thing you do at home, but not while staying in a hotel is	smoke inside.
one thing you do at home, but not while staying in a hotel is	play loud music.
one thing you do at home, but not while staying in a hotel is	walk around naked.
one thing you do at home, but not while staying in a hotel is	laundry.
one famous cartoon animal that you wouldn't want in your house if it was real is	tasmanian devil.
one famous cartoon animal that you wouldn't want in your house if it was real is	mickey mouse.
one famous cartoon animal that you wouldn't want in your house if it was real is	bugs bunny.
one famous cartoon animal that you wouldn't want in your house if it was real is	pepe le pew.
one famous cartoon animal that you wouldn't want in your house if it was real is	road runner.
one famous cartoon animal that you wouldn't want in your house if it was real is	wile e coyote.
one place where everyone seems to be in a good mood is	place of worship.
one place where everyone seems to be in a good mood is	bar.
one place where everyone seems to be in a good mood is	amusement park.
one place where everyone seems to be in a good mood is	party.
one place where everyone seems to be in a good mood is	beach.
one male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing is	elton john.
one male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing is	liberace.
one male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing is	prince.
one male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing is	elvis.
one male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing is	boy george.
one male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing is	dennis rodman.
one male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing is	michael jackson.
one sound you hear a lot of in a high school hallway is	bell.
one sound you hear a lot of in a high school hallway is	talking.
one sound you hear a lot of in a high school hallway is	yelling.
one sound you hear a lot of in a high school hallway is	laughing.
one sound you hear a lot of in a high school hallway is	ingrown toenail.
one sound you hear a lot of in a high school hallway is	cell phones.
one thing your husband would like to get rid of is	ball & chain.
one thing your husband would like to get rid of is	extra pounds.
one thing your husband would like to get rid of is	debt.
one thing your husband would like to get rid of is	pets.
one place where many people would feel uncomfortable going without a date is	movie theatre.
one place where many people would feel uncomfortable going without a date is	dance.
one place where many people would feel uncomfortable going without a date is	wedding.
one place where many people would feel uncomfortable going without a date is	restaurant.
one place where many people would feel uncomfortable going without a date is	bar.
one thing you should always keep secret even from your partner is	weight.
one thing you should always keep secret even from your partner is	affairs.
one thing you should always keep secret even from your partner is	dating history.
one thing you should always keep secret even from your partner is	spending.
one thing you should always keep secret even from your partner is	real age.
one thing you should always keep secret even from your partner is	passwords.
one thing you should always keep secret even from your partner is	diary.
one subject you count on your partner to give you advice on is	money.
one subject you count on your partner to give you advice on is	work.
one subject you count on your partner to give you advice on is	romance.
one subject you count on your partner to give you advice on is	fashion.
one subject you count on your partner to give you advice on is	parenting.
one subject you count on your partner to give you advice on is	relationships.
one thing that gets knocked over when its really windy is	trees.
one thing that gets knocked over when its really windy is	trash can.
one thing that gets knocked over when its really windy is	plants.
one thing that gets knocked over when its really windy is	swing set.
one thing that gets knocked over when its really windy is	umbrella.
one thing that gets knocked over when its really windy is	chairs.
one mood-setter in your home that you pay more attention to if you are trying to impress a date is	music.
one mood-setter in your home that you pay more attention to if you are trying to impress a date is	candles.
one mood-setter in your home that you pay more attention to if you are trying to impress a date is	lighting.
one mood-setter in your home that you pay more attention to if you are trying to impress a date is	food.
one thing you do to a chicken before you cook it is	clean it.
one thing you do to a chicken before you cook it is	season it.
one thing you do to a chicken before you cook it is	cut it.
one thing you do to a chicken before you cook it is	kill it.
one thing you do to a chicken before you cook it is	pluck it.
one thing you do to a chicken before you cook it is	skin it.
one thing you do to a chicken before you cook it is	stuff it.
one comic strip you see in almost every newspaper is	peanuts.
one comic strip you see in almost every newspaper is	doonsbury.
one comic strip you see in almost every newspaper is	garfield.
one comic strip you see in almost every newspaper is	blondie.
one comic strip you see in almost every newspaper is	boondocks.
one comic strip you see in almost every newspaper is	beetle bailey.
one musical instrument that is soothing is	violin.
one musical instrument that is soothing is	flute.
one musical instrument that is soothing is	harp.
one musical instrument that is soothing is	piano.
one musical instrument that is soothing is	saxophone4guitar.
one musical instrument that is soothing is	guitar.
one thing a cat would probably do if it felt threatened is	hiss.
one thing a cat would probably do if it felt threatened is	scratch.
one thing a cat would probably do if it felt threatened is	run.
one thing a cat would probably do if it felt threatened is	jump.
one thing a cat would probably do if it felt threatened is	attack.
one thing a cat would probably do if it felt threatened is	arch it's back.
one thing you would need to eat a steak is	knife.
one thing you would need to eat a steak is	fork.
one thing you would need to eat a steak is	teeth.
one thing you would need to eat a steak is	steak sauce.
one punishment that a misbehaving kid might get at school is	detention.
one punishment that a misbehaving kid might get at school is	stand in corner.
one punishment that a misbehaving kid might get at school is	suspension.
one punishment that a misbehaving kid might get at school is	write lines.
one punishment that a misbehaving kid might get at school is	principal's office.
one punishment that a misbehaving kid might get at school is	no recess.
one sauce you put on meat is	a1 sauce.
one sauce you put on meat is	teriyaki.
one sauce you put on meat is	bbq sauce.
one sauce you put on meat is	soy sauce.
one sauce you put on meat is	tobasco.
one sauce you put on meat is	ketchup.
one thing in your kitchen that you'd use as a musical instrument is	pots and pans.
one thing in your kitchen that you'd use as a musical instrument is	spoons.
one thing in your kitchen that you'd use as a musical instrument is	glasses.
one thing in your kitchen that you'd use as a musical instrument is	wire whisk.
one thing in your kitchen that you'd use as a musical instrument is	broom.
one thing in your kitchen that you'd use as a musical instrument is	blender.
one thing that dogs are always able to do that people can only do on a camping trip is	pee outside.
one thing that dogs are always able to do that people can only do on a camping trip is	sleep anywhere.
one thing that dogs are always able to do that people can only do on a camping trip is	catch food.
one thing that dogs are always able to do that people can only do on a camping trip is	make lots of noise.
one term youd use for one person who has a lot of money is	rich.
one term youd use for one person who has a lot of money is	wealthy.
one term youd use for one person who has a lot of money is	millionaire.
one term youd use for one person who has a lot of money is	loaded.
one term youd use for one person who has a lot of money is	filthy rich.
one term youd use for one person who has a lot of money is	high roller.
one term youd use for one person who has a lot of money is	billionaire.
one person specific in a bank robber's life that he doesn't want to find out about his illegal activity is	parents.
one person specific in a bank robber's life that he doesn't want to find out about his illegal activity is	spouse.
one person specific in a bank robber's life that he doesn't want to find out about his illegal activity is	parole officer.
one person specific in a bank robber's life that he doesn't want to find out about his illegal activity is	children.
one specific chore that you cannot do without making a lot of noise is	vacuumming.
one specific chore that you cannot do without making a lot of noise is	dishes.
one specific chore that you cannot do without making a lot of noise is	laundry.
one specific chore that you cannot do without making a lot of noise is	mowing lawn.
one reason why a child you dont know might come to your door is	selling cookies.
one reason why a child you dont know might come to your door is	lost.
one reason why a child you dont know might come to your door is	trick or treat.
one reason why a child you dont know might come to your door is	newspaper.
one comedian whose nose is larger than his talent is	jay leno.
one comedian whose nose is larger than his talent is	jerry seinfeld.
one comedian whose nose is larger than his talent is	steve martin.
one comedian whose nose is larger than his talent is	jimmy darante.
one comedian whose nose is larger than his talent is	bob hope.
one comedian whose nose is larger than his talent is	adam sandler.
one thing you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials is	talking.
one thing you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials is	making promises.
one thing you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials is	shaking hands.
one thing you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials is	smiling.
one thing you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials is	kissing babies.
one thing you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials is	insulting opponent.
one thing you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials is	waving.
one image that might appear on christmas wrapping paper is	santa.
one image that might appear on christmas wrapping paper is	tree.
one image that might appear on christmas wrapping paper is	snowman.
one thing you buy that has a clock in it is	car.
one thing you buy that has a clock in it is	cell phone.
one thing you would see at every college football game is	cheerleaders.
one thing you would see at every college football game is	players.
one thing kids bring home from school is	homework.
one thing kids bring home from school is	report card.
one thing china is famous for is	great wall.
one thing china is famous for is	food/rice.
one thing china is famous for is	2008 olympics.
one thing china is famous for is	ping-pong.
one thing china is famous for is	tea.
one thing china is famous for is	electronics.
one thing china is famous for is	giant pandas.
one movie where the plot had more twists and turns than a corkscrew is	pulp fiction.
one movie where the plot had more twists and turns than a corkscrew is	matrix.
one movie where the plot had more twists and turns than a corkscrew is	the sixth sense.
one person who might knock on your hotel room door is	housekeeping.
one person who might knock on your hotel room door is	bellman.
one thing most people only have one of is	car.
one thing most people only have one of is	house.
one thing most people only have one of is	spouse.
one thing most people only have one of is	pet.
one thing most people only have one of is	refrigerator.
one thing women do at least twice as much as men is	shop.
one thing women do at least twice as much as men is	bathe.
one thing women do at least twice as much as men is	complain.
one thing women do at least twice as much as men is	get hair done.
one thing women do at least twice as much as men is	clean house.
one word or phrase which includes the word "basket" is	basketball.
one word or phrase which includes the word "basket" is	basket case.
one famous country western singer living or dead is	garth brooks.
one famous country western singer living or dead is	kenny rogers.
the least offensive sport if you forget your deodorant is	golf.
the least offensive sport if you forget your deodorant is	bowling.
one thing people cut is	hair.
one thing people cut is	meat.
one gift children create at school and give their parents is	cards.
one gift children create at school and give their parents is	ornament.
one thing people throw away every day is	garbage.
one thing people throw away every day is	paper.
one animal you'd see at sea world is	whale.
one animal you'd see at sea world is	seal.
one occupation that attracts ambitious people is	lawyer.
one occupation that attracts ambitious people is	politics.
one occupation that attracts ambitious people is	sales.
one occupation that attracts ambitious people is	doctor.
one occupation that attracts ambitious people is	computers.
one occupation that attracts ambitious people is	stockbroker.
one thing you would need to dress up like santa is	red suit.
one thing you would need to dress up like santa is	beard.
one thing you would need to dress up like santa is	hat.
the best type of cheese to put on a cheeseburger is	american.
the best type of cheese to put on a cheeseburger is	swiss.
the best type of cheese to put on a cheeseburger is	cheddar.
one thing every tight rope walker needs to do their job is	pole.
one thing every tight rope walker needs to do their job is	rope.
one thing you'd see in the back seat of a car that would tell you they have children is	car seat.
one thing you'd see in the back seat of a car that would tell you they have children is	toys.
one food they serve at the circus is	cotton candy.
one food they serve at the circus is	popcorn.
one gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult is	vacuum cleaner.
one gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult is	appliance.
one gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult is	drill.
one gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult is	cookware.
one gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult is	cook.
one gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult is	exercise bike.
one gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult is	mop.
one gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult is	gym membership.
one mischievous animal is	cat.
one mischievous animal is	monkey.
one mischievous animal is	dog.
one mischievous animal is	mouse.
one mischievous animal is	meerkat.
one illness that kids give to each other is	chicken pox.
one illness that kids give to each other is	flu.
the worst holiday to be born on is	christmas.
the worst holiday to be born on is	new years.
one thing a man might do at a bar that he'd probably get in trouble for doing at work is	drink.
one thing a man might do at a bar that he'd probably get in trouble for doing at work is	flirting.
one thing people look forward to all year long is	christmas.
one thing people look forward to all year long is	birthday.
one thing a professional does for you that you can never do the same way yourself is	style hair.
one thing a professional does for you that you can never do the same way yourself is	cook.
one thing a vegetarian might put on a sandwich is	lettuce.
one thing a vegetarian might put on a sandwich is	tomato.
one thing you'll probably find in most mansions is	butler.
one thing you'll probably find in most mansions is	chandelier.
one thing people do while driving even though they know they should not is	phone.
one thing people do while driving even though they know they should not is	eat.
one reason why a kid might be moved to the front of the class is	bad behavior.
one reason why a kid might be moved to the front of the class is	smart.
one thing a model does to make sure she looks just right for her big photo is	fix hair.
one thing a model does to make sure she looks just right for her big photo is	makeup.
one product that is sold on "infomercials" is	exercise machine.
one product that is sold on "infomercials" is	cookware.
one product that is sold on "infomercials" is	cleaning products.
one product that is sold on "infomercials" is	tai-bo.
one product that is sold on "infomercials" is	foreman grill.
one product that is sold on "infomercials" is	weight loss products.
one product that is sold on "infomercials" is	vacuum cleaners.
one state that attracts a lot of tourists is	florida.
one state that attracts a lot of tourists is	hawaii.
one state that attracts a lot of tourists is	nevada.
one thing about the holidays that is a source of stress is	shopping.
one thing about the holidays that is a source of stress is	family in town.
one thing about the holidays that is a source of stress is	travel.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to be a lawyer is	degree.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to be a lawyer is	briefcase.
one gift you might bring back with you from mexico is	sombrero.
one gift you might bring back with you from mexico is	pinata.
one thing you'd hate to forget if you were going camping is	tent.
one thing you'd hate to forget if you were going camping is	legs.
one thing that might annoy a gardener is	bugs.
one thing that might annoy a gardener is	weeds.
one thing that might annoy a gardener is	dogs.
one food you do not have to chew to swallow is	jello.
one food you do not have to chew to swallow is	soup.
one food people often eat with champagne is	strawberries.
one food people often eat with champagne is	caviar.
one person famous who used to play for the new york yankees is	babe ruth.
one person famous who used to play for the new york yankees is	mickey mantle.
one country that's known for a brand of car is	germany.
one country that's known for a brand of car is	usa.
one thing dogs fetch is	bone.
one thing dogs fetch is	frisbee.
one movie with more action than dialogue is	terminator.
one movie with more action than dialogue is	die hard.
one movie with more action than dialogue is	rambo.
the oldest thing in your parents house is	parents.
the oldest thing in your parents house is	clock.
one thing you can't wait to do at a party is	send us your answers!.
one thing you can't wait to do at a party is	dance.
one thing that has holes in it is	colander.
one thing that has holes in it is	swiss cheese.
one place where it's always sunny is	california.
one place where it's always sunny is	florida.
one place where it's always sunny is	hawaii.
one thing that you do when you're blue that makes you feel better is	go shopping.
one thing that you do when you're blue that makes you feel better is	listen to music.
one thing that you do when you're blue that makes you feel better is	eat.
one thing that you do when you're blue that makes you feel better is	drink alcohol.
one thing that you do when you're blue that makes you feel better is	cry.
one recording artist parents might consider to be a bad influence is	send us your answers!.
one recording artist parents might consider to be a bad influence is	miley cyrus.
one recording artist parents might consider to be a bad influence is	justin beiber.
one thing a department store has to do to prepare for the holiday season is	decorate.
one thing a department store has to do to prepare for the holiday season is	hire people.
one thing your parents still give you is	money.
one thing your parents still give you is	advice.
one thing your parents still give you is	gifts.
one thing birds have that humans don't is	wings.
one thing birds have that humans don't is	send us your answers!.
one present a girl might ask for that most parents would never give is	car.
one present a girl might ask for that most parents would never give is	pony.
one person who's is famous for playing the trumpet is	louis armstrong.
one person who's is famous for playing the trumpet is	dizzy gallespie.
one thing you do, on average, once a week is	shop.
one thing you do, on average, once a week is	do laundry.
one thing you do, on average, once a week is	go to church.
one thing you do, on average, once a week is	exercise/run.
one thing you do, on average, once a week is	clean house.
one celebrity who is often or always known by only one name is	madonna.
one celebrity who is often or always known by only one name is	cher.
one state where it snows is	colorado.
one state where it snows is	alaska.
one state where it snows is	michigan.
one thing you might take with you when walking your dog is	leash.
one thing you might take with you when walking your dog is	pooper scooper.
one thing people use to kill unwanted insects is	send us your answers!.
one thing people use to kill unwanted insects is	pesticide.
one thing people use to kill unwanted insects is	newspaper.
one thing that can blow a fuse is	lights.
one thing that can blow a fuse is	air conditioner.
one thing that can blow a fuse is	hair dryer.
one thing that can blow a fuse is	person.
one thing that can blow a fuse is	fuse box.
one thing an 8-year-old might bring with them when they stay over at grandma's house is	stuffed animal.
one thing an 8-year-old might bring with them when they stay over at grandma's house is	sleeping bag.
one person for whom you feel forced to buy a christmas gift is	in-laws.
one person for whom you feel forced to buy a christmas gift is	parents.
one person for whom you feel forced to buy a christmas gift is	boss.
one person for whom you feel forced to buy a christmas gift is	siblings.
one person for whom you feel forced to buy a christmas gift is	co-workers.
one type of fish people order at fine restaurants is	salmon.
one type of fish people order at fine restaurants is	swordfish.
one thing a woman might put in her hair is	barrette.
one thing a woman might put in her hair is	hair spray.
one thing a woman might put in her hair is	comb.
one thing a woman might put in her hair is	rollers.
one thing a woman might put in her hair is	bobby pin.
one thing a woman might put in her hair is	flowers.
one thing that can be frustrating to use for the very first time is	computer.
one thing that can be frustrating to use for the very first time is	dvd player.
one thing that can be frustrating to use for the very first time is	car.
one thing that can be frustrating to use for the very first time is	tools.
one thing that can be frustrating to use for the very first time is	video games.
one thing that can be frustrating to use for the very first time is	can opener.
one thing a church couldn't do without is	pastor.
one thing a church couldn't do without is	bibles.
one thing a church couldn't do without is	pews.
one thing people wear for protection is	goggles.
one thing people wear for protection is	helmet.
one thing people wear for protection is	raincoat.
one thing people wear for protection is	gloves.
one thing demi moore has more experience in than aston kutcher is	child rearing.
one thing demi moore has more experience in than aston kutcher is	acting.
one thing you own that causes you aggravation is	car.
one thing you own that causes you aggravation is	pet.
one thing you have that you wish worked better is	car.
one thing you have that you wish worked better is	computer.
one thing you have that you wish worked better is	tv/remote.
one thing you have that you wish worked better is	my body.
one thing you have that you wish worked better is	washer.
one thing you have that you wish worked better is	cell phone/phone.
one actress who should gain a few pounds is	calista flockhart.
one actress who should gain a few pounds is	sally field.
one public place you might sing out loud with other people is	place of worship.
one public place you might sing out loud with other people is	school.
one thing you might find in a kid's room is	send us your answers!.
one thing you might find in a kid's room is	toys.
one thing everyone tries to get out of is	jury duty.
one thing everyone tries to get out of is	work.
one thing everyone tries to get out of is	housework/chores.
one thing everyone tries to get out of is	trouble.
one thing everyone tries to get out of is	a lie.
the first food people learn how to cook is	eggs.
the first food people learn how to cook is	mac and cheese.
one thing that people post flyers for is	parties.
one thing that people post flyers for is	garage sale.
one thing that people post flyers for is	lost pet.
one thing that people post flyers for is	concerts.
one thing that people post flyers for is	help wanted.
one thing that people post flyers for is	missing person.
one thing you might see on a brochure advertising a trip to new york city is	statue of liberty.
one thing you might see on a brochure advertising a trip to new york city is	empire state building.
one tv program you can learn the most from is	jeopardy.
one tv program you can learn the most from is	the news.
one tv program you can learn the most from is	sesame street.
one tv program you can learn the most from is	60 minutes.
one thing you put on your head is	hat.
one thing you put on your head is	send us your answers!.
one sign that the person you're talking to is drunk is	cant stand up.
one sign that the person you're talking to is drunk is	slurring.
one real-life situation where people might spontaneously break into song is	send us your answers!.
one real-life situation where people might spontaneously break into song is	birthday.
one animal people are afraid of is	bear.
one animal people are afraid of is	shark.
one good gift for one person who just graduated from college is	car.
one good gift for one person who just graduated from college is	money.
one thing that is rubbed when it hurts is	head.
one thing that is rubbed when it hurts is	back.
one thing that is rubbed when it hurts is	muscle.
one thing that is rubbed when it hurts is	foot.
one thing that is rubbed when it hurts is	bruise.
one thing that is rubbed when it hurts is	neck.
one specific item an auto part store sells a lot of is	oil.
one specific item an auto part store sells a lot of is	batteries.
one thing you might see in a dark alley is	kitty cat.
one thing you might see in a dark alley is	trash can.
one thing you might see in a dark alley is	bum.
one place where people keep loose change is	pockets.
one place where people keep loose change is	jar.
one special day when a man is very proud of his wife is	birth of child.
one special day when a man is very proud of his wife is	anniversary.
one special day when a man is very proud of his wife is	wedding day.
one thing people hold onto because they say it is lucky is	rabbit's foot.
one thing people hold onto because they say it is lucky is	four-leaf clover.
one thing people hold onto because they say it is lucky is	penny.
one thing people hold onto because they say it is lucky is	dollar bill.
one thing people hold onto because they say it is lucky is	horse hoe.
the first thing you think of doing on a rainy day is	sleep/nap.
the first thing you think of doing on a rainy day is	read.
the first thing you think of doing on a rainy day is	watch tv/movie.
the first thing you think of doing on a rainy day is	go to mall.
the first thing you think of doing on a rainy day is	make love.
the first thing you think of doing on a rainy day is	housework.
one gift kids hate to get is	clothes.
one gift kids hate to get is	socks.
one gift kids hate to get is	books.
one gift kids hate to get is	school supplies.
one gift kids hate to get is	a bath.
one gift kids hate to get is	pajamas.
one gift kids hate to get is	coal.
one thing you're never too old to have your mom do for you is	cook a meal.
one thing you're never too old to have your mom do for you is	kiss you.
one thing you're never too old to have your mom do for you is	cookies.
one thing you're never too old to have your mom do for you is	love you.
one thing you're never too old to have your mom do for you is	laundry.
one thing you're never too old to have your mom do for you is	brush my hair.
one thing you might put in a box marked fragile is	glasses.
one thing you might put in a box marked fragile is	vases.
one thing you might put in a box marked fragile is	jewelry.
one thing you might put in a box marked fragile is	chinaware.
one thing you might put in a box marked fragile is	bottles.
one thing you'd hate to be on when it breaks down is	airplane.
one thing you'd hate to be on when it breaks down is	bus.
one thing you'd hate to be on when it breaks down is	ferris wheel.
one thing you'd hate to be on when it breaks down is	roller coaster.
one thing you'd hate to be on when it breaks down is	boat/ship.
one thing you'd hate to be on when it breaks down is	train/subway.
one thing you'd hate to be on when it breaks down is	elevator.
one popular word to describe your spouse is	honey.
one popular word to describe your spouse is	loving.
one popular word to describe your spouse is	hubby.
one popular word to describe your spouse is	wife.
one popular word to describe your spouse is	babe.
one popular word to describe your spouse is	handsome.
one thing in the bathroom that husbands and wives have separate ones of is	toothbrush.
one thing in the bathroom that husbands and wives have separate ones of is	towel.
one thing in the bathroom that husbands and wives have separate ones of is	razor.
one thing in the bathroom that husbands and wives have separate ones of is	sink.
one thing in the bathroom that husbands and wives have separate ones of is	soap.
one thing in the bathroom that husbands and wives have separate ones of is	deodorant.
one thing about their jobs that teachers hate is	kids.
one thing about their jobs that teachers hate is	grading.
one thing about their jobs that teachers hate is	behavior.
one thing about their jobs that teachers hate is	money.
one thing about their jobs that teachers hate is	parents.
one place babies have been born when mom can't make it to the hospital in time is	car/taxi.
one place babies have been born when mom can't make it to the hospital in time is	subway/train.
one place babies have been born when mom can't make it to the hospital in time is	at home.
one place babies have been born when mom can't make it to the hospital in time is	bus.
one place babies have been born when mom can't make it to the hospital in time is	elevator.
one type of business where you might drop something off and pick it up later is	automechanic.
one type of business where you might drop something off and pick it up later is	dry cleaner.
one type of business where you might drop something off and pick it up later is	photos.
one type of business where you might drop something off and pick it up later is	copy place.
one type of business where you might drop something off and pick it up later is	storage.
the most uncomfortable place you've ever slept is	floor.
the most uncomfortable place you've ever slept is	car.
the most uncomfortable place you've ever slept is	hotel bed.
the most uncomfortable place you've ever slept is	barracks.
the most uncomfortable place you've ever slept is	tent.
the most uncomfortable place you've ever slept is	couch.
one thing that your neighbor has that you're jealous of is	car.
one thing that your neighbor has that you're jealous of is	lawn.
one thing that your neighbor has that you're jealous of is	pool.
one thing that your neighbor has that you're jealous of is	nothing.
one thing that your neighbor has that you're jealous of is	money.
one thing that your neighbor has that you're jealous of is	dog.
one animal that's really good at digging is	dog.
one animal that's really good at digging is	mole.
one animal that's really good at digging is	groundhog.
one animal that's really good at digging is	squirrel.
one thing people seem to love more than people is	pets/animals.
one thing people seem to love more than people is	money.
one thing people seem to love more than people is	food/chocolate.
one thing people seem to love more than people is	cars.
one thing people seem to love more than people is	sports.
one thing you might bring on a romantic picnic is	wine.
one thing you might bring on a romantic picnic is	flower.
one thing you might bring on a romantic picnic is	strawberries.
one thing you might bring on a romantic picnic is	blankets.
one reason people don't like living next door to an airport is	noise.
one reason people don't like living next door to an airport is	people.
one reason people don't like living next door to an airport is	airplanes.
one reason people don't like living next door to an airport is	traffic.
the lumpiest part of your body is	belly.
the lumpiest part of your body is	rump.
the lumpiest part of your body is	thigh.
the lumpiest part of your body is	chest.
the lumpiest part of your body is	arms.
the lumpiest part of your body is	hips.
one thing the janet jackson doll does is	it sings.
one thing the janet jackson doll does is	wardr'b malfunctn.
one thing the janet jackson doll does is	it dances.
one thing the janet jackson doll does is	it talks softly.
one food that kids want their own of even if they can't finish the whole thing is	pizza.
one food that kids want their own of even if they can't finish the whole thing is	hamburger.
one food that kids want their own of even if they can't finish the whole thing is	steak.
one food that kids want their own of even if they can't finish the whole thing is	ice cream.
one food that kids want their own of even if they can't finish the whole thing is	hot dog.
one person in america that may be more powerful than oprah is	barack obama.
one person in america that may be more powerful than oprah is	bill gates.
one person in america that may be more powerful than oprah is	donald trump.
one person in america that may be more powerful than oprah is	angelina jolie.
one person in america that may be more powerful than oprah is	hillary clinton.
one person in america that may be more powerful than oprah is	michelle obama.
one thing you hope is clean when company drops in unexpectedly is	bathroom.
one thing you hope is clean when company drops in unexpectedly is	house.
one thing you hope is clean when company drops in unexpectedly is	kitchen.
one thing you hope is clean when company drops in unexpectedly is	floor.
one thing you hope is clean when company drops in unexpectedly is	living room.
one thing you hope is clean when company drops in unexpectedly is	clothes.
one drink you might stir is	coffee.
one drink you might stir is	tea.
one drink you might stir is	martini.
one drink you might stir is	chocolate milk.
one drink you might stir is	kool-aid.
one drink you might stir is	tang.
one thing you have with chips is	dip.
one thing you have with chips is	sauce.
one thing you have with chips is	gravy.
one thing you have with chips is	fish.
one thing you have with chips is	steak.
one thing you have with chips is	salt.
the most romantic place to get married is	beach.
the most romantic place to get married is	hawaii.
the most romantic place to get married is	paris.
the most romantic place to get married is	church.
one wood that's used for making furniture is	oak.
one wood that's used for making furniture is	pine.
one wood that's used for making furniture is	cherry.
one wood that's used for making furniture is	maple.
one wood that's used for making furniture is	cedar.
one wood that's used for making furniture is	mahogany.
one thing you might do at a gym is	use the treadmill.
one thing you might do at a gym is	exercise.
one thing you might do at a gym is	lift weights.
one flavor you'd find in any ice cream shop is	vanilla.
one flavor you'd find in any ice cream shop is	chocolate.
one person people get nervous in front of is	police.
one person people get nervous in front of is	boss.
one person people get nervous in front of is	audience.
one person people get nervous in front of is	minister.
one person people get nervous in front of is	judge.
one thing that might be found in a summer salad is	tomatoes.
one thing that might be found in a summer salad is	strawberries.
one thing that might be found in a summer salad is	lettuce.
one thing that might be found in a summer salad is	watermelons.
one thing that might be found in a summer salad is	cucumbers.
one thing that might be found in a summer salad is	apples.
one thing that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it is	kids.
one thing that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it is	wallet.
one thing that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it is	money.
one thing that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it is	mobile phone.
one thing that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it is	keys.
one thing that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it is	camera.
one thing that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it is	passport.
one thing that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it is	luggage.
one thing a real cowboy might like to be buried with when he dies is	his boots.
one thing a real cowboy might like to be buried with when he dies is	his gun.
one thing a real cowboy might like to be buried with when he dies is	his hat.
one thing a real cowboy might like to be buried with when he dies is	his horse.
one thing a real cowboy might like to be buried with when he dies is	his spurs.
one animal that is scary to hold is	snake.
one animal that is scary to hold is	spider.
one animal that is scary to hold is	porcupine.
one animal that is scary to hold is	echidna.
one animal that is scary to hold is	koala.
one animal that is scary to hold is	ferret.
one thing that spins is	spinning top.
one thing that spins is	washing machine.
one thing that spins is	earth.
one thing that spins is	dryer.
one thing that spins is	wheels.
one thing people yell at that cannot yell back is	animals.
one thing people yell at that cannot yell back is	tv.
one thing people yell at that cannot yell back is	television.
one thing people yell at that cannot yell back is	babies.
one animal on noah's ark that took up a lot of space is	elephant.
one animal on noah's ark that took up a lot of space is	giraffe.
one animal on noah's ark that took up a lot of space is	cow.
one animal on noah's ark that took up a lot of space is	hippoptamus.
one thing people are afraid to ride on is	roller coaster.
one thing people are afraid to ride on is	airplane.
one thing people are afraid to ride on is	horse.
one thing people are afraid to ride on is	motorcycle.
one thing people are afraid to ride on is	ferris wheel.
one thing people are afraid to ride on is	bull.
one person who is known for their cookies is	mrs fields.
one person who is known for their cookies is	betty crocker.
one person who is known for their cookies is	famous amos.
one person who is known for their cookies is	grandma.
one person who is known for their cookies is	keebler.
one person who is known for their cookies is	pillsbury.
somewhere people are where they say "i gotta get out of this place" is	work.
somewhere people are where they say "i gotta get out of this place" is	bar.
somewhere people are where they say "i gotta get out of this place" is	hospital.
somewhere people are where they say "i gotta get out of this place" is	mall.
somewhere people are where they say "i gotta get out of this place" is	church.
somewhere people are where they say "i gotta get out of this place" is	jail.
one fruit people eat with cheese is	grapes.
one fruit people eat with cheese is	apples.
one fruit people eat with cheese is	strawberries.
one fruit people eat with cheese is	pears.
one piece of technology that people hate, but need is	computer/internet.
one piece of technology that people hate, but need is	cell phone.
one thing a parent tells their kids they should care more about is	school.
one thing a parent tells their kids they should care more about is	money.
one thing a parent tells their kids they should care more about is	hygeine.
one thing a parent tells their kids they should care more about is	appearance.
one thing a parent tells their kids they should care more about is	health.
one thing a parent tells their kids they should care more about is	family.
one talk show where at least one of the guests always ends up crying is	oprah.
one talk show where at least one of the guests always ends up crying is	maury povich.
one talk show where at least one of the guests always ends up crying is	dr. phil.
one talk show where at least one of the guests always ends up crying is	jerry springer.
one talk show where at least one of the guests always ends up crying is	montel williams.
one thing specific that gets brushed is	hair.
one thing specific that gets brushed is	teeth.
one thing specific that gets brushed is	dog.
one thing specific that gets brushed is	cat.
one thing you could ask during a job interview is	lying.
one thing you could ask during a job interview is	bad attitude.
one thing you could ask during a job interview is	phone rings.
one thing you could ask during a job interview is	being late.
one thing you could ask during a job interview is	inappropriate attire.
one thing people take with them to the basement when a tornado is coming is	food.
one thing people take with them to the basement when a tornado is coming is	water.
one thing people take with them to the basement when a tornado is coming is	flashlight.
one thing people take with them to the basement when a tornado is coming is	children.
one thing people take with them to the basement when a tornado is coming is	radio.
one quality that is important in a spouse is	trustworthy.
one quality that is important in a spouse is	loyalty.
one quality that is important in a spouse is	loving.
one quality that is important in a spouse is	personality.
one quality that is important in a spouse is	respectful.
one thing shaquille o'neal has a hard time fitting into is	car.
one thing shaquille o'neal has a hard time fitting into is	shoes.
one thing shaquille o'neal has a hard time fitting into is	clothes.
one thing shaquille o'neal has a hard time fitting into is	shower.
one thing shaquille o'neal has a hard time fitting into is	bed.
one common new year's resolution is	lose wight.
one common new year's resolution is	learn instrument.
one common new year's resolution is	learn language.
one common new year's resolution is	quit smoking.
one common new year's resolution is	new career.
one thing that comes in small, medium, and large is	clothes.
one thing that comes in small, medium, and large is	drinks.
one thing that comes in small, medium, and large is	people.
one thing that comes in small, medium, and large is	fries.
one thing you buy frequently is	food.
one thing you buy frequently is	toilet paper.
one thing you buy frequently is	milk.
one thing you buy frequently is	gasoline.
one thing inconsiderate people do at the supermarket is	cut in line.
one thing inconsiderate people do at the supermarket is	open/eat food.
one thing inconsiderate people do at the supermarket is	bang into cart.
one thing inconsiderate people do at the supermarket is	leave cart.
one thing inconsiderate people do at the supermarket is	handle food.
one thing people turn off before they go to bed is	lights.
one thing people turn off before they go to bed is	tv.
one reason why people might honk their horn at you is	driving slow.
one reason why people might honk their horn at you is	green light.
one reason why people might honk their horn at you is	cut them off.
one reason why people might honk their horn at you is	saying hello.
one reason why people might honk their horn at you is	in the road.
one thing tacky pirates wear is	eyepatch.
one thing tacky pirates wear is	hat.
one thing tacky pirates wear is	bandana.
one thing tacky pirates wear is	boots.
one thing tacky pirates wear is	pegleg.
one thing you might see if you were in the amazon forest is	trees.
one thing you might see if you were in the amazon forest is	snakes.
one thing you might see if you were in the amazon forest is	flowers.
one thing you might see if you were in the amazon forest is	monkey.
one thing you might see if you were in the amazon forest is	exotic birds.
one thing you might see if you were in the amazon forest is	alligators.
one thing you own that requires a good deal of money to maintain is	house.
one thing you own that requires a good deal of money to maintain is	car.
one thing you own that requires a good deal of money to maintain is	pool.
one thing you own that requires a good deal of money to maintain is	boat.
one food you can deep fry is	potatoes.
one food you can deep fry is	chicken.
one food you can deep fry is	fish.
one food you can deep fry is	turkey.
one food you can deep fry is	cheese.
one food you can deep fry is	pickles.
one part of your body that plastic surgery could possibly improve is	nose.
one part of your body that plastic surgery could possibly improve is	chest.
one part of your body that plastic surgery could possibly improve is	face.
one part of your body that plastic surgery could possibly improve is	abdomen.
one thing that smells like smoke when you come home from the bar is	clothes.
one thing that smells like smoke when you come home from the bar is	hair.
one thing specific that people grind is	teeth.
one thing specific that people grind is	coffee.
one thing specific that people grind is	pepper.
one thing specific that people grind is	meat.
one thing you double-check before you go to bed is	doors are locked.
one thing you double-check before you go to bed is	alarm clock.
one thing you double-check before you go to bed is	lights off.
one thing you double-check before you go to bed is	stove.
one place where you might see one person cry is	cemetary.
one place where you might see one person cry is	wedding.
one place where you might see one person cry is	church.
one place where you might see one person cry is	hospital.
one place where you might see one person cry is	movies.
one part of the body that's spelt with four letters is	head.
one part of the body that's spelt with four letters is	hand.
one part of the body that's spelt with four letters is	nose.
one part of the body that's spelt with four letters is	foot.
one part of the body that's spelt with four letters is	neck.
one part of the body that's spelt with four letters is	back.
one thing a fireman keeps with him at all times is	pager.
one thing a fireman keeps with him at all times is	radio.
one thing a fireman keeps with him at all times is	axe.
one thing a fireman keeps with him at all times is	helmet.
one thing a fireman keeps with him at all times is	fire suit.
one thing a fireman keeps with him at all times is	boots.
one thing a fireman keeps with him at all times is	water.
one thing a fireman keeps with him at all times is	badge.
one thing that seems to make babies very happy is	bottle.
one thing that seems to make babies very happy is	attention.
one thing that seems to make babies very happy is	their moms.
one thing that seems to make babies very happy is	lots of loving.
one thing that seems to make babies very happy is	rattle.
one thing that seems to make babies very happy is	smiling faces.
one thing a house can be infested with is	roaches.
one thing a house can be infested with is	termites.
one thing a house can be infested with is	bedbugs.
one thing a house can be infested with is	mice.
one thing a house can be infested with is	ants.
one place where you're sometimes bothered by the person behind you is	movies.
one place where you're sometimes bothered by the person behind you is	bus.
one place where you're sometimes bothered by the person behind you is	restaurant.
one place where you're sometimes bothered by the person behind you is	airplane.
one place where you're sometimes bothered by the person behind you is	church.
one place where you're sometimes bothered by the person behind you is	office.
one activity that might leave you with a sunburn is	swimming.
one activity that might leave you with a sunburn is	tanning.
one activity that might leave you with a sunburn is	volleyball.
one activity that might leave you with a sunburn is	yard work.
one activity that might leave you with a sunburn is	boating.
one fruit that has a peel is	clementine.
one fruit that has a peel is	oranges.
one fruit that has a peel is	banana.
one fruit that has a peel is	plantain.
one fruit that has a peel is	apples.
one fruit that has a peel is	peach.
one fruit that has a peel is	kiwi.
one major us city whose mayor has major headaches is	new york.
one major us city whose mayor has major headaches is	new orleans.
one major us city whose mayor has major headaches is	washington dc.
one major us city whose mayor has major headaches is	chicago.
one major us city whose mayor has major headaches is	detroit.
one major us city whose mayor has major headaches is	san francisco.
one food that's good with almonds is	chocolate.
one food that's good with almonds is	ice cream.
one food that's good with almonds is	salad.
one food that's good with almonds is	cookies.
one food that's good with almonds is	cereal/oatmeal.
one food that's good with almonds is	fruit/tail mix.
one thing a dog might have in its mouth is	bone.
one thing a dog might have in its mouth is	ball.
one thing a dog might have in its mouth is	teeth.
one thing a dog might have in its mouth is	tongue.
one thing a dog might have in its mouth is	mailman.
one way you can tell the person you're talking to is losing interest is	look away.
one way you can tell the person you're talking to is losing interest is	not answering.
one way you can tell the person you're talking to is losing interest is	yawn.
one way you can tell the person you're talking to is losing interest is	fodgety.
one way you can tell the person you're talking to is losing interest is	fall asleep.
one thing a teenage boy wants his parents to buy for him is	car.
one thing a teenage boy wants his parents to buy for him is	clothes/shoes.
one thing a teenage boy wants his parents to buy for him is	video game.
one thing a teenage boy wants his parents to buy for him is	computer.
one thing people hate getting sand in is	shoes.
one thing people hate getting sand in is	swimsuit.
one thing people hate getting sand in is	hair.
one thing people hate getting sand in is	eyes.
one thing people hate getting sand in is	buttocks.
one thing people hate getting sand in is	shorts.
one thing people hate getting sand in is	underwear.
one long running tv show is	friends.
one long running tv show is	simpsons.
one long running tv show is	m.a.s.h..
one long running tv show is	law and order.
one long running tv show is	cosby show.
one long running tv show is	family feud.
one thing both adults and kids do to get into trouble with their parents is	lie.
one thing both adults and kids do to get into trouble with their parents is	swear.
one thing both adults and kids do to get into trouble with their parents is	talk back.
one thing both adults and kids do to get into trouble with their parents is	drink.
one thing both adults and kids do to get into trouble with their parents is	smoke.
one thing both adults and kids do to get into trouble with their parents is	steal.
one downside to getting a tattoo is	permanent.
one downside to getting a tattoo is	painful.
one thing that siblings accuse one another of "hogging" is	tv/remote.
one thing that siblings accuse one another of "hogging" is	bathroom.
one thing that siblings accuse one another of "hogging" is	toys.
one thing that siblings accuse one another of "hogging" is	dinner/dessert.
one thing that siblings accuse one another of "hogging" is	computer.
one thing that siblings accuse one another of "hogging" is	bed/covers.
one thing that siblings accuse one another of "hogging" is	parents' attention.
one thing a kid might have to do to earn their allowance is	wash dishes.
one thing a kid might have to do to earn their allowance is	mow lawn.
one thing a kid might have to do to earn their allowance is	clean bedroom.
one thing a kid might have to do to earn their allowance is	take out garbage.
one thing a kid might have to do to earn their allowance is	care for pets.
one thing a cowboy might wear is	cowboy hat.
one thing a cowboy might wear is	cowboy boots.
one thing a cowboy might wear is	chaps.
one thing a cowboy might wear is	spurs.
one food that is crunchy is	cereal.
one food that is crunchy is	chips.
one food that is crunchy is	nuts.
one food that is crunchy is	crunchie bar.
one food that is crunchy is	celery.
one food that is crunchy is	apple.
one thing you'd love to win a lifetime supply of is	money.
one thing you'd love to win a lifetime supply of is	gasoline.
one thing you'd love to win a lifetime supply of is	food.
one thing you'd love to win a lifetime supply of is	clothes.
one us state with a lot of beaches is	florida.
one us state with a lot of beaches is	california.
one us state with a lot of beaches is	hawaii.
one us state with a lot of beaches is	south carolina.
one us state with a lot of beaches is	texas.
one thing a school girl wears is	uniform.
one thing a school girl wears is	skirt.
one thing a school girl wears is	dress.
one thing a school girl wears is	ribbons.
one thing a school girl wears is	tunic.
one thing a school girl wears is	hat.
one school subject most parents couldn't help their kid do is	math.
one school subject most parents couldn't help their kid do is	science.
one school subject most parents couldn't help their kid do is	gym.
one school subject most parents couldn't help their kid do is	history.
one school subject most parents couldn't help their kid do is	reading.
one school subject most parents couldn't help their kid do is	computers.
one thing of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good is	car.
one thing of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good is	house.
one thing of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good is	hair.
one thing of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good is	face.
one thing of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good is	body.
one thing of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good is	clothing.
one thing of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good is	yard.
one thing people hate about public restrooms is	dirty.
one thing people hate about public restrooms is	smells.
one thing people hate about public restrooms is	no toilet paper.
one thing people hate about public restrooms is	no soap.
one thing people hate about public restrooms is	small.
one thing people hate about public restrooms is	no paper towels.
one thing people put on pasta is	pasta sauce.
one thing people put on pasta is	cheese.
one thing people put on pasta is	meatballs.
one thing people put on pasta is	chicken.
one reaction one person might have if they got really scared is	scream.
one reaction one person might have if they got really scared is	cry.
one reaction one person might have if they got really scared is	faint.
one reaction one person might have if they got really scared is	go wee-wee.
one reaction one person might have if they got really scared is	sweat.
one reaction one person might have if they got really scared is	shake.
one reaction one person might have if they got really scared is	hair stands up.
one thing about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all is	dress.
one thing about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all is	bridesmaids.
one thing about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all is	flowers.
one thing about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all is	in-laws.
one thing about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all is	reception.
one thing about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all is	cost.
one thing about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all is	invitations.
one way to make bathing a sexy experience is	bring a friend.
one way to make bathing a sexy experience is	bubbles/bath oil.
one way to make bathing a sexy experience is	light candles.
one way to make bathing a sexy experience is	rose petals.
one way to make bathing a sexy experience is	drink wine.
one way to make bathing a sexy experience is	eat fruit.
one thing angry wives throw at their husbands is	plates.
one thing angry wives throw at their husbands is	insults.
one thing angry wives throw at their husbands is	pots.
one thing angry wives throw at their husbands is	shoes.
one thing angry wives throw at their husbands is	food.
one thing angry wives throw at their husbands is	vases.
one service people cancel when they move is	phone.
one service people cancel when they move is	electricity.
one service people cancel when they move is	cable.
one service people cancel when they move is	newspaper.
one service people cancel when they move is	mail.
one mistake a pizza chef might make the first day on the job is	burn pizza.
one mistake a pizza chef might make the first day on the job is	wrong topping.
one thing people look for at the beach is	seashells.
one thing people look for at the beach is	water.
one thing people look for at the beach is	sand.
one thing people look for at the beach is	sharks.
one thing people look for at the beach is	shade.
one thing people look for at the beach is	lifeguard.
one thing a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person is	scream.
one thing a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person is	faint.
one thing a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person is	kiss him.
one thing a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person is	cry.
one thing a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person is	ask for an autograph.
one thing a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person is	smile.
one thing a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person is	giggle a lot.
one thing you eat with a spoon is	soup.
one thing you eat with a spoon is	cereal.
one thing you eat with a spoon is	ice cream.
one thing you eat with a spoon is	mashed potatoes.
one thing a person might do in a talent contest is	sing.
one thing a person might do in a talent contest is	dance.
one animal people wish didn't exist is	snakes.
one animal people wish didn't exist is	skunks.
one animal people wish didn't exist is	rats.
one animal people wish didn't exist is	spiders.
one animal people wish didn't exist is	alligators.
one animal people wish didn't exist is	mosquitoes.
one animal people wish didn't exist is	roaches.
one thing people have a hard time holding onto is	money.
one thing people have a hard time holding onto is	relationships.
one thing people have a hard time holding onto is	jobs.
one thing people have a hard time holding onto is	animals.
one reason a beautiful woman marries an unattractive man is	money.
one reason a beautiful woman marries an unattractive man is	she loves him.
one reason a beautiful woman marries an unattractive man is	security.
one reason a beautiful woman marries an unattractive man is	has all his atte...
one reason a beautiful woman marries an unattractive man is	personality.
one thing that siblings compete over is	regard.
one thing that siblings compete over is	notice.
one thing that siblings compete over is	parents.
one thing that siblings compete over is	mom.
one thing that siblings compete over is	awareness.
one thing that siblings compete over is	grades.
one thing that siblings compete over is	attention.
one thing that siblings compete over is	dad.
one thing that siblings compete over is	figurines.
one thing that siblings compete over is	playthings.
one thing that siblings compete over is	duckies.
one thing that siblings compete over is	dolls.
one thing that siblings compete over is	tv.
one thing that siblings compete over is	toys.
one thing that siblings compete over is	stuffed animals.
one thing that siblings compete over is	rubber duckies.
one thing that siblings compete over is	sports.
one thing that siblings compete over is	soccer.
one thing that siblings compete over is	track.
one thing that siblings compete over is	television.
one thing that siblings compete over is	games.
one thing that siblings compete over is	matches.
one thing that siblings compete over is	hockey.
one thing that siblings compete over is	baseball.
one thing that siblings compete over is	basketball.
one thing that siblings compete over is	field.
one thing that siblings compete over is	athletics.
one thing that siblings compete over is	football.
one thing that siblings compete over is	golf.
one thing that siblings compete over is	competitions.
one thing that siblings compete over is	schools.
one thing that siblings compete over is	academics.
one thing that siblings compete over is	marks.
one thing that siblings compete over is	boob tube.
one thing that siblings compete over is	tube.
one thing that siblings compete over is	on television.
one thing that siblings compete over is	bucks.
one thing that siblings compete over is	cash.
one thing that siblings compete over is	riches.
one thing that siblings compete over is	currency.
one thing that siblings compete over is	wealth.
one thing that siblings compete over is	money.
one thing that siblings compete over is	coinage.
one insect that really bugs you is	mosquito.
one insect that really bugs you is	roach.
one insect that really bugs you is	fly.
one insect that really bugs you is	spider.
one insect that really bugs you is	ant.
one insect that really bugs you is	bee.
one fruit that can fit in your mouth whole is	grapes.
one fruit that can fit in your mouth whole is	strawberries.
one fruit that can fit in your mouth whole is	cherries.
one fruit that can fit in your mouth whole is	blueberries.
one fruit that can fit in your mouth whole is	plums.
one thing that would be a good gift for a pirate is	gold.
one thing that would be a good gift for a pirate is	alcohol.
one thing that would be a good gift for a pirate is	sword.
one thing that would be a good gift for a pirate is	eyepatch.
one thing that would be a good gift for a pirate is	parrot.
one city that has hosted the winter olympic games is	vancouver.
one city that has hosted the winter olympic games is	calgary.
one city that has hosted the winter olympic games is	sochi.
one city that has hosted the winter olympic games is	salt lake city.
one city that has hosted the winter olympic games is	turin.
one thing that's described as running is	water.
one thing that's described as running is	person/jogger.
one thing that's described as running is	nose.
one thing that's described as running is	car/truck.
one body part that gets wrinkled is	fingers.
one body part that gets wrinkled is	eyes.
one body part that gets wrinkled is	foreheads.
one body part that gets wrinkled is	noses.
one body part that gets wrinkled is	neck.
one thing you shouldn't do in front of the queen is	curse.
one thing you shouldn't do in front of the queen is	fart.
one thing you shouldn't do in front of the queen is	burp.
one thing you shouldn't do in front of the queen is	pick your nose.
one thing you shouldn't do in front of the queen is	laugh.
one thing you shouldn't do in front of the queen is	smoke.
one thing women use to hold their hair in place is	ribbons.
one thing women use to hold their hair in place is	rubber bands.
one thing women use to hold their hair in place is	scarves.
one thing women use to hold their hair in place is	bobby pins.
one place where people like to read the morning newspaper is	kitchen table.
one place where people like to read the morning newspaper is	bathroom.
one place where people like to read the morning newspaper is	train/subway.
one place where people like to read the morning newspaper is	coffee shop.
one sport with rowdy spectators is	football.
one sport with rowdy spectators is	hockey.
one sport with rowdy spectators is	soccer.
one sport with rowdy spectators is	wrestling.
one sport with rowdy spectators is	rodeo.
one thing you might spread is	butter.
one thing you might spread is	jam.
one thing you might spread is	peanut butter.
one thing you might spread is	germs.
one thing you might spread is	the flu.
one kind of fish that would be impossible to swallow whole is	shark.
one kind of fish that would be impossible to swallow whole is	whale.
one kind of fish that would be impossible to swallow whole is	tuna.
one kind of fish that would be impossible to swallow whole is	salmon.
one kind of fish that would be impossible to swallow whole is	catfish.
one kind of fish that would be impossible to swallow whole is	swordfish.
one quality you admire in others is	honesty.
one quality you admire in others is	humor.
one quality you admire in others is	patience.
one quality you admire in others is	compassionate.
one quality you admire in others is	confidence.
one quality you admire in others is	hard working.
one quality you admire in others is	intelligence.
one quality you admire in others is	joyous.
one french food is	croissants.
one french food is	escargot.
one french food is	crepes.
one french food is	creme brulee.
one french food is	baguette.
one famous video game character is	super mario.
one famous video game character is	sonic.
one famous video game character is	lara croft.
one famous video game character is	luigi.
one famous video game character is	pac-man.
one thing you think is okay to do in public, but others frown upon is	kiss.
one thing you think is okay to do in public, but others frown upon is	breastfeeding.
one thing you think is okay to do in public, but others frown upon is	fart.
one thing you think is okay to do in public, but others frown upon is	belch.
one thing you think is okay to do in public, but others frown upon is	pee.
one food that is easy to eat while driving is	french fries.
one food that is easy to eat while driving is	hambugers.
one food that is easy to eat while driving is	chips.
one food that is easy to eat while driving is	candy bar.
one food that is easy to eat while driving is	sandwiches.
one food that is easy to eat while driving is	hot dog.
one thing most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own is	walking.
one thing most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own is	driving.
one thing most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own is	bathroom.
one thing most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own is	eating.
one thing most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own is	paying bills.
one thing most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own is	dressing.
one thing most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own is	laundry.
one thing people put their fingers in their mouths to do is	pick teeth.
one thing people put their fingers in their mouths to do is	floss.
one thing people put their fingers in their mouths to do is	bite nails.
one thing people put their fingers in their mouths to do is	suck fingers.
one thing people put their fingers in their mouths to do is	whistle.
one thing people put their fingers in their mouths to do is	eat.
one thing you would need to wash a pet elephant is	hose.
one thing you would need to wash a pet elephant is	broom.
one thing you would need to wash a pet elephant is	ladder.
one thing you would need to wash a pet elephant is	brush.
one thing you would need to wash a pet elephant is	water.
one thing you would need to wash a pet elephant is	sponge.
one place you go where you turn your cell phone off is	church.
one place you go where you turn your cell phone off is	movie.
one place you go where you turn your cell phone off is	hospital.
one place you go where you turn your cell phone off is	home.
one place you go where you turn your cell phone off is	court.
one place you go where you turn your cell phone off is	airplane.
one thing that people often do before they go on a job interview is	dress up.
one thing that people often do before they go on a job interview is	shower.
one thing that people often do before they go on a job interview is	shave.
one thing that people often do before they go on a job interview is	update resume.
one thing that people often do before they go on a job interview is	practice.
one thing that is usually painted red is	fire truck.
one thing that is usually painted red is	firetruck.
one thing that is usually painted red is	stop sign.
one thing that is usually painted red is	sign.
one thing that is usually painted red is	automobiles.
one thing that is usually painted red is	vans.
one thing that is usually painted red is	trucks.
one thing that is usually painted red is	suvs.
one thing that is usually painted red is	vehicles.
one thing that is usually painted red is	cars.
one thing that is usually painted red is	curb.
one thing that is usually painted red is	fire hydrant.
one thing that is usually painted red is	hydrant.
one thing you might see in a baby's room is	crib.
one thing you might see in a baby's room is	diapers.
one thing you might see in a baby's room is	teddy bears.
one thing you might see in a baby's room is	changing table.
one thing you might see in a baby's room is	mobile.
one perk of driving fred flintstone's car instead of yours is	no gas.
one perk of driving fred flintstone's car instead of yours is	good exercise.
one perk of driving fred flintstone's car instead of yours is	no flat/easy to fix.
one perk of driving fred flintstone's car instead of yours is	no a/c necessary.
one excuse kids use for not doing their homework is	dog ate it.
one excuse kids use for not doing their homework is	forgot.
one excuse kids use for not doing their homework is	illness.
one excuse kids use for not doing their homework is	tired.
one excuse kids use for not doing their homework is	left at school.
one event that you might want to capture on video is	wedding.
one event that you might want to capture on video is	birthdays.
one event that you might want to capture on video is	birth.
one event that you might want to capture on video is	sporting.
one event that you might want to capture on video is	olympics.
one thing you might find in your car's glovebox is	registration.
one thing you might find in your car's glovebox is	insurance card.
one thing you might find in your car's glovebox is	owner's manual.
one thing you might find in your car's glovebox is	map.
one thing you might find in your car's glovebox is	flashlight.
one thing a biker dude would look silly riding is	tricycle.
one thing a biker dude would look silly riding is	bicycle.
one thing a biker dude would look silly riding is	scooter.
one thing a biker dude would look silly riding is	horse.
one thing a biker dude would look silly riding is	skateboard.
one thing that gives off heat is	sun.
one thing that gives off heat is	stove.
one thing that gives off heat is	fire.
one thing that gives off heat is	radiator.
one thing that gives off heat is	heater.
one thing that gives off heat is	car motor.
one reason first class is better than coach class is	more room.
one reason first class is better than coach class is	free drinks.
one reason first class is better than coach class is	large seat.
one thing you loved to sit on when you were a small child is	someone's lap.
one thing you loved to sit on when you were a small child is	rocking chair.
one thing you loved to sit on when you were a small child is	floor.
one thing you loved to sit on when you were a small child is	swing.
one thing you loved to sit on when you were a small child is	rocking horse.
one sport a little kid might play is	little league.
one sport a little kid might play is	football.
one sport a little kid might play is	tennis.
one sport a little kid might play is	hockey.
one bird people don't usually eat is	pigeon.
one bird people don't usually eat is	crows.
one bird people don't usually eat is	eagle.
one bird people don't usually eat is	parrot.
one bird people don't usually eat is	penguins.
one aisle in the supermarket where you spend a lot of time is	produce.
one aisle in the supermarket where you spend a lot of time is	meat.
one aisle in the supermarket where you spend a lot of time is	frozen foods.
one aisle in the supermarket where you spend a lot of time is	magazines.
one aisle in the supermarket where you spend a lot of time is	dairy products.
one aisle in the supermarket where you spend a lot of time is	cereal.
one thing you would not want to see at the beach is	rain.
one thing you would not want to see at the beach is	nudity.
one thing you would not want to see at the beach is	garbage.
one thing you would not want to see at the beach is	sharks.
one thing you hate about your morning commute is	traffic.
one thing you hate about your morning commute is	it's length.
one thing you hate about your morning commute is	driving.
one thing you hate about your morning commute is	waking up.
one thing you hate about your morning commute is	bad weather.
one thing that breaks easily is	glass.
one thing that breaks easily is	eggs.
one thing that breaks easily is	heart.
one thing that breaks easily is	potato chips.
one thing that breaks easily is	twigs.
one thing people don't like to see come to an end is	movie/tv.
one thing people don't like to see come to an end is	marriage/love.
one thing people don't like to see come to an end is	life.
one thing people don't like to see come to an end is	good book/story.
one thing people don't like to see come to an end is	the world.
one thing people don't like to see come to an end is	party.
one thing that gets pumped up is	tire.
one thing that gets pumped up is	balloon.
one thing that gets pumped up is	ball.
one thing that gets pumped up is	muscles.
one astrological sign is	scorpio.
one astrological sign is	sagittarius.
one astrological sign is	pisces.
one astrological sign is	capricorn.
one person you might boss around is	parents.
one person you might boss around is	spouses.
one person you might boss around is	boss.
one person you might boss around is	sibling.
one person you might boss around is	coach.
one thing you refill is	prescription.
one thing you refill is	bottle.
one thing you refill is	gas tank.
one thing you refill is	soda.
one thing you refill is	cup of coffee.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	apartment.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	rent.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	mortgage.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	waterworks.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	hydro.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	electricity.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	heat.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	power.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	running water.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	utilities.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	pooches.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	mutts.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	puppies.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	kittens.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	animals.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	pets.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	hamsters.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	guinea pigs.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	gerbils.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	felines.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	canines.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	cats.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	dogs.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	deposits.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	tenancy.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	contract.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	of lease.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	length of lease.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	cockroaches.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	beetles.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	termites.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	flies.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	spiders.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	bees.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	roaches.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	bugs.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	mites.
one thing you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment is	insects.
one place where women dress sexy is	night club/bar.
one place where women dress sexy is	bedroom.
one place where women dress sexy is	beach.
one place where women dress sexy is	party/wedding.
one thing you might wear in the summer but in the winter is	swimsuit.
one thing you might wear in the summer but in the winter is	shorts.
one thing you might wear in the summer but in the winter is	sandals.
one thing you might wear in the summer but in the winter is	tank tops.
one thing they sell at concerts that are too expensive is	shirts.
one thing they sell at concerts that are too expensive is	food.
one thing they sell at concerts that are too expensive is	alcohol.
one thing they sell at concerts that are too expensive is	tickets.
one thing they sell at concerts that are too expensive is	cds.
one thing people all over the world might travel to see is	olympics.
one thing people all over the world might travel to see is	superbowl.
one thing people all over the world might travel to see is	world cup.
one thing people all over the world might travel to see is	the ball drop.
one thing people all over the world might travel to see is	mardi gras.
one animal we eat that would never eat us is	cow.
one animal we eat that would never eat us is	chicken.
one animal we eat that would never eat us is	pig.
one animal we eat that would never eat us is	rabbit.
one animal we eat that would never eat us is	sheep.
one animal we eat that would never eat us is	deer.
one glamorous department store is	macy's.
one glamorous department store is	saks fifth avenue.
one glamorous department store is	bloomingdale's.
one glamorous department store is	lord & taylor.
one glamorous department store is	neiman marcus.
one glamorous department store is	nordstrom.
one thing you might see in the amazon (aminal is not an answer, be specific) is	trees.
one thing you might see in the amazon (aminal is not an answer, be specific) is	snake.
one thing you might see in the amazon (aminal is not an answer, be specific) is	monkey.
one thing you might see in the amazon (aminal is not an answer, be specific) is	alligator.
one thing you might see in the amazon (aminal is not an answer, be specific) is	panther.
one thing you might see in the amazon (aminal is not an answer, be specific) is	jungle.
one thing people put money in is	bank account.
one thing people put money in is	wallet.
one thing people put money in is	jar.
one thing people put money in is	stocks.
one thing that can be classed as being 'vintage' is	car.
one thing that can be classed as being 'vintage' is	wine.
one thing that can be classed as being 'vintage' is	clothing.
one thing that can be classed as being 'vintage' is	cheese.
one thing that can be classed as being 'vintage' is	grandparents.
one thing women leave lipstick marks on is	shirts.
one thing women leave lipstick marks on is	napkins.
one thing women leave lipstick marks on is	glasses.
one thing women leave lipstick marks on is	cheeks.
one thing women leave lipstick marks on is	mirrors.
one thing a child might take to school for show-and-tell is	pet.
one thing a child might take to school for show-and-tell is	toys.
one thing a child might take to school for show-and-tell is	photo.
one thing a child might take to school for show-and-tell is	book.
one thing a child might take to school for show-and-tell is	shell.
one thing you think some people do way too fast is	drive.
one thing you think some people do way too fast is	eat.
one thing you think some people do way too fast is	speak.
one thing you think some people do way too fast is	get married.
one movie where clint eastwood was either a cowboy or a cop is	dirty harry.
one movie where clint eastwood was either a cowboy or a cop is	good..bad..ugly.
one movie where clint eastwood was either a cowboy or a cop is	unforgiven.
one movie where clint eastwood was either a cowboy or a cop is	fistfull of dollars.
one movie where clint eastwood was either a cowboy or a cop is	bronco billy.
one movie where clint eastwood was either a cowboy or a cop is	hang 'em high.
one thing people have no control over is	aging.
one thing people have no control over is	gravity.
one thing people have no control over is	the weather.
one thing people have no control over is	lottery.
your favorite flavor of cambell's soup is	chicken noodle.
your favorite flavor of cambell's soup is	tomato.
your favorite flavor of cambell's soup is	beef.
your favorite flavor of cambell's soup is	chicken and rice.
your favorite flavor of cambell's soup is	cream of mushroom.
your favorite flavor of cambell's soup is	vegetable.
one thing your mother-in-law complains about when she visits your house is	dirty.
one thing your mother-in-law complains about when she visits your house is	food.
one thing your mother-in-law complains about when she visits your house is	nothing.
one thing your mother-in-law complains about when she visits your house is	everything.
one thing your mother-in-law complains about when she visits your house is	parenting skills.
one thing your mother-in-law complains about when she visits your house is	pets.
one thing that gets handed down from generation to generation is	jewelry.
one thing that gets handed down from generation to generation is	bible.
one thing that gets handed down from generation to generation is	clothes.
one thing that gets handed down from generation to generation is	furniture.
one thing that gets handed down from generation to generation is	photo.
one thing that gets handed down from generation to generation is	property.
one thing that has an antenna is	television.
one thing that has an antenna is	tube.
one thing that has an antenna is	on television.
one thing that has an antenna is	tv.
one thing that has an antenna is	boob tube.
one thing that has an antenna is	boombox.
one thing that has an antenna is	speaker.
one thing that has an antenna is	stereo.
one thing that has an antenna is	sub woofer.
one thing that has an antenna is	ghetto blaster.
one thing that has an antenna is	radio.
one thing that has an antenna is	jalopy.
one thing that has an antenna is	vehicle.
one thing that has an antenna is	truck.
one thing that has an antenna is	car.
one thing that has an antenna is	van.
one thing that has an antenna is	telephone.
one thing that has an antenna is	phone.
one thing that has an antenna is	mobile.
one thing that has an antenna is	cell phone.
one thing that has an antenna is	roaches.
one thing that has an antenna is	bees.
one thing that has an antenna is	bugs.
one thing that has an antenna is	cockroaches.
one thing that has an antenna is	termites.
one thing that has an antenna is	flies.
one thing that has an antenna is	insects.
one thing that has an antenna is	mites.
one thing that has an antenna is	spiders.
one thing that has an antenna is	beetles.
one thing people buy to help them sleep better is	sleeping pill/med.
one thing people buy to help them sleep better is	good mattress.
one thing people buy to help them sleep better is	herbal tea.
one thing people buy to help them sleep better is	pillow.
one thing people buy to help them sleep better is	alcohol.
one place people go when they're troubled is	church.
one place people go when they're troubled is	psychiatrist.
one place people go when they're troubled is	family.
one place people go when they're troubled is	their bedroom.
one thing you might see at the dentist is	drill.
one thing you might see at the dentist is	toothbrush.
one thing you might see at the dentist is	dentist.
one thing you might see at the dentist is	teeth.
one thing you might see at the dentist is	dentist chair.
one thing a coupld might spend money on for their fiftieth anniversary is	second honeymoon.
one thing a coupld might spend money on for their fiftieth anniversary is	fancy dinner.
one thing a coupld might spend money on for their fiftieth anniversary is	big party.
one thing a coupld might spend money on for their fiftieth anniversary is	diamond.
one thing a coupld might spend money on for their fiftieth anniversary is	wine.
one thing a coupld might spend money on for their fiftieth anniversary is	renew vows.
one way of removing hair is	shave.
one way of removing hair is	wax.
one way of removing hair is	laser.
one way of removing hair is	hair removal cream.
one thing you find on a cricket ground is	pitch.
one thing you find on a cricket ground is	grass.
one thing you find on a cricket ground is	stumps.
one thing you find on a cricket ground is	players.
one thing you find on a cricket ground is	ball.
one thing you find on a cricket ground is	bat.
one thing a person cannot legally do without a license is	drive.
one thing a person cannot legally do without a license is	marriage.
one thing a person cannot legally do without a license is	hunt.
one thing a person cannot legally do without a license is	fish.
one thing a person cannot legally do without a license is	practice medicine.
one thing a person cannot legally do without a license is	cut hair.
one thing a younger sister might hide if she didn't want her older sister to go out on a date is	outfit.
one thing a younger sister might hide if she didn't want her older sister to go out on a date is	makeup.
one thing a younger sister might hide if she didn't want her older sister to go out on a date is	purse.
one thing a younger sister might hide if she didn't want her older sister to go out on a date is	keys.
one thing a younger sister might hide if she didn't want her older sister to go out on a date is	cell phone.
one thing a younger sister might hide if she didn't want her older sister to go out on a date is	perfume.
one character from the south park series is	kenny mccormick.
one character from the south park series is	eric cartman.
one character from the south park series is	chef.
one character from the south park series is	timmy burch.
one character from the south park series is	stan marsh.
one character from the south park series is	butters.
one tv show about police is	nypd blue.
one tv show about police is	cops.
one tv show about police is	csi.
one thing people worry about is	money.
one thing people worry about is	paying bills.
one thing people worry about is	children.
one thing people worry about is	taxes.
one thing people worry about is	work.
one thing people practice in a mirror is	singing.
one thing people practice in a mirror is	dancing.
one thing people practice in a mirror is	speaking.
one thing people practice in a mirror is	smiling.
one thing people practice in a mirror is	modeling.
one thing people practice in a mirror is	greeting.
one thing people practice in a mirror is	kissing.
one thing people practice in a mirror is	flexing.
one thing you would trade for fame and fortune is	job.
one thing you would trade for fame and fortune is	nothing.
one thing you would trade for fame and fortune is	love.
one thing you would trade for fame and fortune is	family.
one thing you would trade for fame and fortune is	house.
one thing you would trade for fame and fortune is	health.
one thing kids like to do on saturdays is	cartoons.
one thing kids like to do on saturdays is	movies.
one thing kids like to do on saturdays is	park.
one thing kids like to do on saturdays is	toys.
one thing kids like to do on saturdays is	swimming.
one thing kids like to do on saturdays is	sleepovers.
one common tool you might find in a garage is	hammer.
one common tool you might find in a garage is	wrench.
one common tool you might find in a garage is	screwdriver.
one common tool you might find in a garage is	lawn mower.
one common tool you might find in a garage is	rake.
one common tool you might find in a garage is	saw.
one thing people remove glasses to do is	clean them.
one thing people remove glasses to do is	sleep.
one thing people remove glasses to do is	wash face/shower.
one thing people remove glasses to do is	read.
one thing people remove glasses to do is	rub/wipe eyes.
one thing people remove glasses to do is	play sports.
one thing people remove glasses to do is	kiss.
one thing people remove glasses to do is	watch television.
one place in front of which people double park for a minute is	post office.
one place in front of which people double park for a minute is	store.
one place in front of which people double park for a minute is	bank.
one place in front of which people double park for a minute is	hospital.
one place in front of which people double park for a minute is	dry cleaners.
one place in front of which people double park for a minute is	airport.
one place in front of which people double park for a minute is	school.
one thing you need when you give your dog a bath is	shampoo.
one thing you need when you give your dog a bath is	soap.
one thing you need when you give your dog a bath is	water.
one thing you need when you give your dog a bath is	brush.
one thing you need when you give your dog a bath is	gloves.
one thing you need when you give your dog a bath is	towel.
one thing you need when you give your dog a bath is	tub.
one occupation in which a man can put his good looks to use is	model.
one occupation in which a man can put his good looks to use is	actor.
one occupation in which a man can put his good looks to use is	lawyer.
one occupation in which a man can put his good looks to use is	salesman.
one sport that needs ice is	hockey.
one sport that needs ice is	figure skating.
one sport that needs ice is	curling.
one sport that needs ice is	bobsled.
one sport that needs ice is	luge.
one thing that makes it harder for a mailman to deliver the mail is	dog.
one thing that makes it harder for a mailman to deliver the mail is	bad weather.
one thing that makes it harder for a mailman to deliver the mail is	carrying packages.
one thing that makes it harder for a mailman to deliver the mail is	nobody home.
one thing that makes it harder for a mailman to deliver the mail is	locked fence.
the gift you've gotten from your spouse that you cherish the most is	ring.
the gift you've gotten from your spouse that you cherish the most is	child.
the gift you've gotten from your spouse that you cherish the most is	vacation.
the gift you've gotten from your spouse that you cherish the most is	watch.
the gift you've gotten from your spouse that you cherish the most is	clothes.
the gift you've gotten from your spouse that you cherish the most is	their heart.
one thing found on a computer is	keyboards.
one thing found on a computer is	monitor.
one thing found on a computer is	internet.
one thing found on a computer is	video games.
one thing found on a computer is	windows.
one thing you find in an oasis is	water.
one thing you find in an oasis is	trees.
one thing you find in an oasis is	sand.
one thing you find in an oasis is	camels.
one thing that comes in an aerosol can is	hair spray.
one thing that comes in an aerosol can is	air freshener.
one thing that comes in an aerosol can is	spray paint.
one thing that comes in an aerosol can is	deodorant.
one thing that comes in an aerosol can is	whipped cream.
one room in a family's home where you are most likely to find an air freshener is	bathroom.
one room in a family's home where you are most likely to find an air freshener is	kitchen.
one room in a family's home where you are most likely to find an air freshener is	bedroom.
one thing a college student might do all night instead of sleep is	study.
one thing a college student might do all night instead of sleep is	party.
one thing a college student might do all night instead of sleep is	internet/chat.
one thing a college student might do all night instead of sleep is	videogames.
one thing a college student might do all night instead of sleep is	work.
one thing a college student might do all night instead of sleep is	watch tv.
one thing that might blow off you on a windy day is	hat.
one thing that might blow off you on a windy day is	scarf.
one thing that might blow off you on a windy day is	toupee.
one thing that might blow off you on a windy day is	jacket.
one thing women like to take more time doing than men do is	fixing hair.
one thing women like to take more time doing than men do is	bathing.
one thing women like to take more time doing than men do is	getting ready.
one thing women like to take more time doing than men do is	shopping.
one thing women like to take more time doing than men do is	cleaning.
one thing women like to take more time doing than men do is	loving.
one thing you might find on the bottom of a shoe is	gum.
one thing you might find on the bottom of a shoe is	sole.
one thing you might find on the bottom of a shoe is	dirt.
one thing you might find on the bottom of a shoe is	dog poop.
one thing you might find on the bottom of a shoe is	tack.
one thing that has the word "super" in it is	superman.
one thing that has the word "super" in it is	super bowl.
one thing that has the word "super" in it is	supermarket.
one thing that has the word "super" in it is	super glue.
one thing that has the word "super" in it is	superintendent.
one thing that has the word "super" in it is	supersize.
one thing that has the word "super" in it is	superstar.
one thing an expectant mother might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy is	getting sleep.
one thing an expectant mother might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy is	tying shoes/bending.
one thing an expectant mother might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy is	walking.
one animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans is	ape.
one animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans is	lion.
one animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans is	elephant.
one animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans is	house cat.
one animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans is	dog.
one animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans is	bear.
one animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans is	tiger.
one reason why a young man would try to cover up his tattoos is	job.
one reason why a young man would try to cover up his tattoos is	his ex's name.
one reason why a young man would try to cover up his tattoos is	hide from parents.
one reason why a young man would try to cover up his tattoos is	going on a date.
one reason why a young man would try to cover up his tattoos is	he's embarrassed.
one reason why a young man would try to cover up his tattoos is	misspelled name.
one thing a king might insist he be buried with is	crown jewels.
one thing a king might insist he be buried with is	gold.
one thing a king might insist he be buried with is	queen.
one thing a king might insist he be buried with is	his money.
one place where cowboys hang out is	saloon.
one place where cowboys hang out is	ranch.
one place where cowboys hang out is	rodeo.
one place where cowboys hang out is	texas.
one place where cowboys hang out is	range.
one thing women have with a strap on it is	bra.
one thing women have with a strap on it is	purse/pocket book.
one thing women have with a strap on it is	dress/gown.
one thing women have with a strap on it is	shoes.
one thing that travels at high speeds is	airplanes.
one thing that travels at high speeds is	trains.
one thing that travels at high speeds is	light.
one thing that travels at high speeds is	bullets.
one thing that travels at high speeds is	sound.
one hobby people take up when they retire is	golfing.
one hobby people take up when they retire is	fishing.
one hobby people take up when they retire is	travel.
one hobby people take up when they retire is	knitting.
one hobby people take up when they retire is	gardening.
one thing you wish you had been born with is	money.
one thing you wish you had been born with is	super powers.
one thing you wish you had been born with is	different hair.
one thing you wish you had been born with is	good looks.
one thing you wish you had been born with is	different eyes.
one thing you wish you had been born with is	intelligence.
one london tube station is	euston.
one london tube station is	paddington.
one london tube station is	oxford circus.
one london tube station is	tottenham.
one london tube station is	victoria.
one occupation that could never be replaced by a machine is	doctor.
one occupation that could never be replaced by a machine is	nurse.
one occupation that could never be replaced by a machine is	teacher.
one occupation that could never be replaced by a machine is	police officer.
one occupation that could never be replaced by a machine is	judge.
one occupation that could never be replaced by a machine is	mother.
one thing a woman needs to have before she gets married is	a ring.
one thing a woman needs to have before she gets married is	a guy.
one thing a woman needs to have before she gets married is	a dress.
one thing a woman needs to have before she gets married is	a job.
one thing a woman needs to have before she gets married is	money/bank acct..
one thing a woman needs to have before she gets married is	a blood test.
one thing a woman needs to have before she gets married is	a hope chest.
one profession one person should avoid if they're bad at math is	accountant.
one profession one person should avoid if they're bad at math is	engineer.
one profession one person should avoid if they're bad at math is	banker.
one profession one person should avoid if they're bad at math is	scientist.
one profession one person should avoid if they're bad at math is	cashier.
one profession one person should avoid if they're bad at math is	teacher.
one profession one person should avoid if they're bad at math is	architect.
one thing a short person might have difficulty doing with a tall person is	dancing.
one thing a short person might have difficulty doing with a tall person is	kissing.
one thing a short person might have difficulty doing with a tall person is	walking/running.
one thing a short person might have difficulty doing with a tall person is	play basketball.
one thing a short person might have difficulty doing with a tall person is	boxing/fighting.
one thing a short person might have difficulty doing with a tall person is	making love.
one thing you stand around and wait for because one person else is using it is	bathroom/toilet.
one thing you stand around and wait for because one person else is using it is	telephone.
one thing you stand around and wait for because one person else is using it is	atm machine.
one thing you stand around and wait for because one person else is using it is	car.
one thing you stand around and wait for because one person else is using it is	washer/dryer.
one thing you stand around and wait for because one person else is using it is	gas pump.
one specific reason a child would be ordered to hold still is	doctor/dentist.
one specific reason a child would be ordered to hold still is	hair combed/cut.
one specific reason a child would be ordered to hold still is	posing for photo.
one specific reason a child would be ordered to hold still is	church.
one specific reason a child would be ordered to hold still is	being disciplined.
one specific reason a child would be ordered to hold still is	car/driving.
one thing people buy for the beach that contains the word "beach" is	ball.
one thing people buy for the beach that contains the word "beach" is	towel/blanket.
one thing people buy for the beach that contains the word "beach" is	chair.
one thing people buy for the beach that contains the word "beach" is	umbrella.
one food that can put a smile on your face and five extra pounds on your scale is	cheesecake.
one food that can put a smile on your face and five extra pounds on your scale is	ice cream.
one food that can put a smile on your face and five extra pounds on your scale is	hamburger.
one food that can put a smile on your face and five extra pounds on your scale is	pizza.
one food that can put a smile on your face and five extra pounds on your scale is	chocolate.
one food that can put a smile on your face and five extra pounds on your scale is	french fries.
one sport that can be played by one person is	golfing.
one sport that can be played by one person is	bowling.
one sport that can be played by one person is	swimming.
one sport that can be played by one person is	hunting.
one thing that happened to pinocchio is	nose grew.
one thing that happened to pinocchio is	got caught lying.
one thing that happened to pinocchio is	turned into a boy.
one thing that happened to pinocchio is	swallow by a whale.
one thing people do to avoid having their photos taken is	hide/leave room.
one thing people do to avoid having their photos taken is	bury face.
one thing people do to avoid having their photos taken is	turn away.
one thing people do to avoid having their photos taken is	frown.
one thing a person might get caught in is	rain.
one thing a person might get caught in is	lie.
one thing a person might get caught in is	trap.
one thing a person might get caught in is	traffic.
one thing a person might get caught in is	net.
one talent that it's painful to watch an amateur do is	sing.
one talent that it's painful to watch an amateur do is	box/fight.
one talent that it's painful to watch an amateur do is	magic/circus tricks.
one talent that it's painful to watch an amateur do is	dance.
one talent that it's painful to watch an amateur do is	comedy.
one talent that it's painful to watch an amateur do is	play instrument.
one strong female public figure is	hillary clinton.
one strong female public figure is	oprah winfrey.
one strong female public figure is	michelle obama.
one strong female public figure is	sarah palin.
one strong female public figure is	angelina jolie.
one thing plants need to grow is	water.
one thing plants need to grow is	sunlight.
one thing plants need to grow is	dirt.
one thing plants need to grow is	roots.
one tv show aimed at smart people is	jeopardy.
one tv show aimed at smart people is	60 minutes.
one tv show aimed at smart people is	er.
one tv show aimed at smart people is	frasier.
one holiday that falls on a certain day of the week is	thanksgiving.
one holiday that falls on a certain day of the week is	easter.
one holiday that falls on a certain day of the week is	labor day.
one holiday that falls on a certain day of the week is	memorial day.
one thing that couples should do together regularly in order to stay connected is	talk.
one thing that couples should do together regularly in order to stay connected is	sex.
one thing specific you take off when you get home so you will be more comfortable is	shoes.
one thing specific you take off when you get home so you will be more comfortable is	bra.
one thing specific you take off when you get home so you will be more comfortable is	trousers.
one thing specific you take off when you get home so you will be more comfortable is	shirt.
one thing specific you take off when you get home so you will be more comfortable is	jewelry.
one thing you might ask a hotel maid for mor of is	towels.
one thing you might ask a hotel maid for mor of is	soap.
one thing you might ask a hotel maid for mor of is	pillows.
one thing you might ask a hotel maid for mor of is	shampoo.
one thing you might ask a hotel maid for mor of is	ice.
one person who does your bragging for you is	parents.
one person who does your bragging for you is	spouse.
one person who does your bragging for you is	friend.
one person who does your bragging for you is	children.
one person who does your bragging for you is	siblings.
one person who does your bragging for you is	grandparents.
one thing people accidentally leave in a taxi is	mobilephone.
one thing people accidentally leave in a taxi is	wallet.
one thing people accidentally leave in a taxi is	bag.
one thing people accidentally leave in a taxi is	purse.
one thing people accidentally leave in a taxi is	jacket.
one thing people accidentally leave in a taxi is	umbrella.
one real or fictional person with "dick" in his name is	dick tracy.
one real or fictional person with "dick" in his name is	dick van dyke.
one real or fictional person with "dick" in his name is	dick clark.
one real or fictional person with "dick" in his name is	dick nixon.
one real or fictional person with "dick" in his name is	dick cheney.
one real or fictional person with "dick" in his name is	andy dick.
one thing in your kitchen that is full of holes is	strainer.
one thing in your kitchen that is full of holes is	grater.
one thing in your kitchen that is full of holes is	cheese.
one thing in your kitchen that is full of holes is	sink.
one thing a hairdresser uses is	scissors.
one thing a hairdresser uses is	blow dryer.
one thing a hairdresser uses is	brush.
one thing a hairdresser uses is	curling iron.
one thing a hairdresser uses is	hair spray.
one thing a hairdresser uses is	shampoo.
one food you're likely to find at a super bowl party is	chips.
one food you're likely to find at a super bowl party is	hot dog.
one food you're likely to find at a super bowl party is	nachos.
one food you're likely to find at a super bowl party is	pizza.
one food you're likely to find at a super bowl party is	chicken wings.
one food you're likely to find at a super bowl party is	popcorn.
one hockey team that has a huge following is	detroit red wings.
one hockey team that has a huge following is	new york rangers.
one hockey team that has a huge following is	chicago blackhawks.
one hockey team that has a huge following is	pittsburg penguins.
one hockey team that has a huge following is	boston bruins.
one thing high school students have nightmares about is	tests.
one thing high school students have nightmares about is	graduating.
one thing high school students have nightmares about is	homework.
one thing high school students have nightmares about is	peer pressure.
one thing high school students have nightmares about is	going to college.
one child's toy that a dad might wish he had is	remote control car.
one child's toy that a dad might wish he had is	toy train set.
one child's toy that a dad might wish he had is	bike.
one child's toy that a dad might wish he had is	action figure.
one child's toy that a dad might wish he had is	video game system.
one thing that flies but doesn't have an engine is	birds.
one thing that flies but doesn't have an engine is	kite.
one thing that flies but doesn't have an engine is	bees.
one thing that flies but doesn't have an engine is	hang glider.
one thing that flies but doesn't have an engine is	hot air balloon.
one place where people say they do their best thinking is	bathroom.
one place where people say they do their best thinking is	in bed/bedroom.
one place where people say they do their best thinking is	park.
one place where people say they do their best thinking is	library.
one place where people say they do their best thinking is	in traffic/car.
one thing people do once a year that they dread is	income taxes.
one thing people do once a year that they dread is	christmas shop.
one thing people do once a year that they dread is	doctor/dentist.
one thing people do once a year that they dread is	spring cleaning.
one thing people deliver for a living is	pizza.
one thing people deliver for a living is	mail.
one thing people deliver for a living is	paper.
one thing people deliver for a living is	milk.
one thing people deliver for a living is	food.
one thing people deliver for a living is	furniture.
one thing people deliver for a living is	flowers.
one thing a mother might include in a care package to her son who's away at college is	cookies/food.
one thing a mother might include in a care package to her son who's away at college is	money.
one thing a mother might include in a care package to her son who's away at college is	clothes.
one thing a mother might include in a care package to her son who's away at college is	condoms.
one thing kids often take for granted is	parents.
one thing kids often take for granted is	money.
one thing kids often take for granted is	food.
one thing kids often take for granted is	toys.
one thing you might see tied to the roof of one person's car is	tree.
one thing you might see tied to the roof of one person's car is	bicycle.
one thing you might see tied to the roof of one person's car is	mattress.
one thing you might see tied to the roof of one person's car is	luggage.
one thing you might see tied to the roof of one person's car is	skis.
one thing you might see tied to the roof of one person's car is	surfboard.
one item that people bring to a pawn shop is	jewelry/watch.
one item that people bring to a pawn shop is	musical instrument.
one item that people bring to a pawn shop is	camera.
one item that people bring to a pawn shop is	dvd.
one item that people bring to a pawn shop is	radio.
one item that people bring to a pawn shop is	tv.
one item that people bring to a pawn shop is	china/dishes.
one thing you might carry on your back is	backpack.
one thing you might carry on your back is	a shirt.
one thing you might carry on your back is	child.
one thing you might carry on your back is	vacuum.
one reason one person turns off all the lights in their house is	going to bed.
one reason one person turns off all the lights in their house is	saving electricity.
one reason one person turns off all the lights in their house is	going out.
one reason one person turns off all the lights in their house is	hide from visitors.
one reason one person turns off all the lights in their house is	on vacation.
one reason one person turns off all the lights in their house is	it's day time.
one animal you might see at an acquarium is	sharks.
one animal you might see at an acquarium is	dolphins.
one animal you might see at an acquarium is	turtles.
one animal you might see at an acquarium is	seals.
one animal you might see at an acquarium is	whales.
one animal you might see at an acquarium is	stingrays.
one animal you might see at an acquarium is	penguins.
one legendary rock band is	beatles.
one legendary rock band is	rolling stones.
one legendary rock band is	kiss.
one legendary rock band is	led zeppelin.
one legendary rock band is	ac.
one legendary rock band is	the who.
one legendary rock band is	u2.
one legendary rock band is	pinkfloyd.
one thing you find in the british countryside is	cows.
one thing you find in the british countryside is	sheep.
one thing you find in the british countryside is	fields.
one thing you find in the british countryside is	squirrels.
one thing you find in the british countryside is	birds.
one thing you find in the british countryside is	ponds.
one thing you find in the british countryside is	trees.
one thing you buy a ticket for is	concerts.
one thing you buy a ticket for is	movies.
one thing you buy a ticket for is	sporting events.
one thing you buy a ticket for is	air travel.
one thing you buy a ticket for is	lottery tickets.
one thing people push that has wheels is	shopping cart.
one thing people push that has wheels is	baby stroller.
one thing people push that has wheels is	wheelbarrow.
one thing people push that has wheels is	lawn mower.
one thing people push that has wheels is	suitcase.
one thing people push that has wheels is	vacuum.
one thing in your house that has faded is	clothing.
one thing in your house that has faded is	curtains.
one thing in your house that has faded is	paint.
one thing in your house that has faded is	funiture.
one thing in your house that has faded is	rugs.
one thing in your house that has faded is	linens.
one state where disaster could strike at any time is	california.
one state where disaster could strike at any time is	florida.
one state where disaster could strike at any time is	new york.
one state where disaster could strike at any time is	hawaii.
one state where disaster could strike at any time is	kansas.
one state where disaster could strike at any time is	louisiana.
one thing you can do to fish to help picky eaters like it is	fry it.
one thing you can do to fish to help picky eaters like it is	season it.
one thing you can do to fish to help picky eaters like it is	bread it.
one thing you can do to fish to help picky eaters like it is	hide it.
one thing you can do to fish to help picky eaters like it is	sauce.
one job one person with claustrophobia shouldn't do is	elevator operator.
one job one person with claustrophobia shouldn't do is	miner.
one job one person with claustrophobia shouldn't do is	airplane pilot.
one job one person with claustrophobia shouldn't do is	astronaut.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	comb hair.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	hair.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	brush hair.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	apply makeup.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	grin.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	smile.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	smirk.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	lotion.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	mascara.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	moisturizer.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	put on makeup.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	rouge.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	skin care.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	soap.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	lipstick.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	cosmetics.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	cover up.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	cream.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	eyeshadow.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	eyeliner.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	blush.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	face soap.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	foundation.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	bought clothes.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	new clothes.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	buy clothes.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	clothes.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	purchase clothing.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	reflective surfaces.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	reflector.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	in mirror.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	mirror.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	looking glass.
one thing people do before having their picture taken is	look in mirror.
one thing willie nelson is famous for is	singing.
one thing willie nelson is famous for is	braids.
one food that is often found at a barbecue is	ribs.
one food that is often found at a barbecue is	chicken.
one food that is often found at a barbecue is	hamburgers.
one food that is often found at a barbecue is	hot dog.
one food that is often found at a barbecue is	potato salad.
one food that is often found at a barbecue is	steak.
one food that is often found at a barbecue is	baked beans.
one occasion when men buy roses is	valentine's day.
one occasion when men buy roses is	anniversary.
one occasion when men buy roses is	after argument.
one occasion when men buy roses is	mother's day.
one occasion when men buy roses is	birthday.
one thing you'd hate to be in when it breaks down is	car.
one thing you'd hate to be in when it breaks down is	airplane.
one thing you'd hate to be in when it breaks down is	boat.
one thing you'd hate to be in when it breaks down is	elevator.
one thing you'd hate to be in when it breaks down is	bus.
one thing you'd hate to be in when it breaks down is	subway/train.
one popular tv game show is	family feud.
one popular tv game show is	the price is right.
one popular tv game show is	wheel of fortune.
one popular tv game show is	jeopardy.
one popular tv game show is	deal or no deal.
one thing you'd never see donald trump without is	money.
one thing you'd never see donald trump without is	pretty women.
one thing you'd never see donald trump without is	perfect hair.
one thing you'd never see donald trump without is	clothes.
one thing you'd never see donald trump without is	diamond.
one thing you'd never see donald trump without is	body guard.
one thing about a man that might make other men jealous is	looks.
one thing about a man that might make other men jealous is	wife.
one thing about a man that might make other men jealous is	money.
one thing about a man that might make other men jealous is	hairline.
one thing about a man that might make other men jealous is	car.
one thing people do on payday is	cash check/bank.
one thing people do on payday is	eat out/drinks.
one thing people do on payday is	go shopping.
one thing people do on payday is	pay bills.
one thing about a person that makes him or her look evil is	shift eyes.
one thing about a person that makes him or her look evil is	pointy eyebrows.
one thing about a person that makes him or her look evil is	smile.
one thing about a person that makes him or her look evil is	frown.
one thing about a person that makes him or her look evil is	teeth.
one thing about a person that makes him or her look evil is	attitude.
the section of the newspaper people spend the most time reading is	classifieds.
the section of the newspaper people spend the most time reading is	sports.
the section of the newspaper people spend the most time reading is	front page.
the section of the newspaper people spend the most time reading is	comics.
the section of the newspaper people spend the most time reading is	business.
the section of the newspaper people spend the most time reading is	travel.
one way you wish your spouse was more like your dog is	obedient.
one way you wish your spouse was more like your dog is	loyal/faithful.
one way you wish your spouse was more like your dog is	affection/loving.
one way you wish your spouse was more like your dog is	happy.
one way you wish your spouse was more like your dog is	quiet.
one way you wish your spouse was more like your dog is	begs.
one thing that these days, even middle-class people can't afford is	house.
one thing that these days, even middle-class people can't afford is	car.
one thing that these days, even middle-class people can't afford is	vacation.
one thing that these days, even middle-class people can't afford is	health care.
one thing that these days, even middle-class people can't afford is	gasoline.
one thing that these days, even middle-class people can't afford is	education/college.
one kind of place where it's especially disturbing to have one person coughing nearby is	restaurant/table.
one kind of place where it's especially disturbing to have one person coughing nearby is	movie/theater.
one kind of place where it's especially disturbing to have one person coughing nearby is	church.
one kind of place where it's especially disturbing to have one person coughing nearby is	doctor/hospital.
one kind of place where it's especially disturbing to have one person coughing nearby is	elevator.
one kind of place where it's especially disturbing to have one person coughing nearby is	bus stop.
the most important person in american history is	george washinton.
the most important person in american history is	abraham lincoln.
the most important person in american history is	martin luther king jr.
the most important person in american history is	thomas jefferson.
the most important person in american history is	christopher columbus.
one topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with is	gossip.
one topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with is	bills/money.
one topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with is	shopping.
one topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with is	work/job.
one topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with is	how day went.
one topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with is	kids.
one topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with is	food/cooking.
one thing you would hate to find in your cellar is	rat.
one thing you would hate to find in your cellar is	bugs.
one thing you would hate to find in your cellar is	water.
one thing you would hate to find in your cellar is	burglar.
one thing you would hate to find in your cellar is	snake.
one thing you would hate to find in your cellar is	cat.
one thing you would hate to find in your cellar is	dead body.
one thing a man might wear to disguise himself is	moustache.
one thing a man might wear to disguise himself is	hat.
one thing a man might wear to disguise himself is	glasses.
one thing a man might wear to disguise himself is	mask.
one thing a man might wear to disguise himself is	beard.
one thing a man might wear to disguise himself is	wig.
one thing a man might wear to disguise himself is	balaclava.
one hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too is	sewing.
one hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too is	cooking.
one hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too is	yoga.
one hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too is	gardening.
one hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too is	scrap booking.
one hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too is	nurse.
one hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too is	crafts.
one thing a women might put in her hair is	barrette.
one thing a women might put in her hair is	hair spray.
one thing specific you might request on an invitation is	rsvp.
one thing specific you might request on an invitation is	byob.
one thing specific you might request on an invitation is	no guests.
one thing specific you might request on an invitation is	no gifts.
one thing specific you might request on an invitation is	black tie.
one thing you might do after you get a bad grade on a test is	get upset.
one thing you might do after you get a bad grade on a test is	retake exam.
one thing you might do after you get a bad grade on a test is	get drunk.
one thing you might do after you get a bad grade on a test is	eat.
one thing you might turn down is	job offer.
one thing you might turn down is	television.
one thing you might turn down is	meals.
one thing you might turn down is	radio.
one thing you might turn down is	proposal.
one thing you leave to chance is	pregnancy.
one thing you leave to chance is	love.
one thing you leave to chance is	job.
one thing you leave to chance is	lottery.
one thing you leave to chance is	retirement.
one sound people lie awake all night listening to is	crickets.
one sound people lie awake all night listening to is	snoring.
one sound people lie awake all night listening to is	falling rain.
one sound people lie awake all night listening to is	faucet dripping.
one sound people lie awake all night listening to is	barking dog.
one sound people lie awake all night listening to is	waves.
one sound people lie awake all night listening to is	traffic.
one sound people lie awake all night listening to is	clock ticking.
one thing that might go wrong on a date is	car broke down.
one thing that might go wrong on a date is	no money.
one thing that might go wrong on a date is	getting stood up.
one thing that might go wrong on a date is	an argument.
one thing that might go wrong on a date is	spilled drink.
one holiday that falls on the same day of the week each year is	thanksgiving.
one holiday that falls on the same day of the week each year is	easter.
one holiday that falls on the same day of the week each year is	labor day.
one holiday that falls on the same day of the week each year is	good friday.
one accessory almost every woman wears is	earrings.
one accessory almost every woman wears is	rings.
one accessory almost every woman wears is	bra.
one accessory almost every woman wears is	watch.
one accessory almost every woman wears is	necklace.
one accessory almost every woman wears is	bracelet.
one accessory almost every woman wears is	purse.
one accessory almost every woman wears is	lipstick.
one thing you might be hired to do for a wedding is	cater.
one thing you might be hired to do for a wedding is	play music.
one thing you might be hired to do for a wedding is	take pictures.
one thing you might be hired to do for a wedding is	provide flowers.
one thing you might be hired to do for a wedding is	plan it.
one thing you might be hired to do for a wedding is	make the cake.
one thing you might be hired to do for a wedding is	decorate.
the most important invention of the 20th century is	cell phone.
the most important invention of the 20th century is	laptop.
the most important invention of the 20th century is	internet.
the most important invention of the 20th century is	microwave.
one thing that people who are afraid of catching colds will refuse to do is	shake hands.
one thing that people who are afraid of catching colds will refuse to do is	kiss.
one thing that people who are afraid of catching colds will refuse to do is	share drink.
one thing that people who are afraid of catching colds will refuse to do is	near sick person.
one thing that people who are afraid of catching colds will refuse to do is	out in cold.
one thing that people who are afraid of catching colds will refuse to do is	take medicine.
one thing people get nostalgic about is	childhood.
one thing people get nostalgic about is	school.
one thing people get nostalgic about is	music.
one thing people get nostalgic about is	holidays.
one thing people get nostalgic about is	past loves.
one thing people get nostalgic about is	weddings.
one thing you've found in your food in a restaurant and complained to the manager about it is	hair.
one thing you've found in your food in a restaurant and complained to the manager about it is	fly/bug.
one thing you've found in your food in a restaurant and complained to the manager about it is	glass.
one thing you've found in your food in a restaurant and complained to the manager about it is	tooth.
one occupation where a person carries some kind of bag on the job is	mail carrier.
one occupation where a person carries some kind of bag on the job is	salesperson.
one occupation where a person carries some kind of bag on the job is	doctor.
one occupation where a person carries some kind of bag on the job is	lawyer.
one inventor kids learn about in school is	thomas edison.
one inventor kids learn about in school is	benjamin franklin.
one height when men consider a woman tall is	5'8.
one height when men consider a woman tall is	6'.
one height when men consider a woman tall is	5'7.
one height when men consider a woman tall is	5'10.
one height when men consider a woman tall is	5'9.
one height when men consider a woman tall is	5'.
one height when men consider a woman tall is	6'1.
one height when men consider a woman tall is	taller than them.
one occupation that might get the attention of a bored housewife is	plumber.
one occupation that might get the attention of a bored housewife is	cable guy.
one occupation that might get the attention of a bored housewife is	mail man.
one occupation that might get the attention of a bored housewife is	pool cleaner.
one occupation that might get the attention of a bored housewife is	maid.
one subject in which a 5th grader may be smarter than you are is	math.
one subject in which a 5th grader may be smarter than you are is	history.
one subject in which a 5th grader may be smarter than you are is	science.
one subject in which a 5th grader may be smarter than you are is	geography.
one subject in which a 5th grader may be smarter than you are is	english.
one subject in which a 5th grader may be smarter than you are is	computers.
one part of a car that thieves often steal is	stereo.
one part of a car that thieves often steal is	wheels.
one part of a car that thieves often steal is	badge.
one part of a car that thieves often steal is	hubcaps.
one part of a car that thieves often steal is	engine.
one thing you'd see in a church is	cross.
one thing you'd see in a church is	priest.
one thing you'd see in a church is	altar.
one thing you'd see in a church is	pew.
one thing you'd see in a church is	bible.
one thing you'd see in a church is	candles.
one professional that everyone consults sooner or later is	doctor.
one professional that everyone consults sooner or later is	lawyer.
one professional that everyone consults sooner or later is	teacher.
one professional that everyone consults sooner or later is	dentist.
one professional that everyone consults sooner or later is	accountant.
one thing people do in their backyard is	barbecue.
one thing people do in their backyard is	frisbee.
one thing people do in their backyard is	yard work.
one thing people do in their backyard is	play sports.
one thing people do in their backyard is	tanning.
one thing miss america is probably really sick of by the end of her reign is	smiling.
one thing miss america is probably really sick of by the end of her reign is	wearing crown.
one thing miss america is probably really sick of by the end of her reign is	waving.
one thing miss america is probably really sick of by the end of her reign is	same questions.
one thing miss america is probably really sick of by the end of her reign is	people.
one thing miss america is probably really sick of by the end of her reign is	travel.
one thing that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it is	car.
one thing that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it is	clothes.
one thing that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it is	kitchen floor.
one thing that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it is	body.
one thing that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it is	towels.
one thing that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it is	bathroom.
one thing that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it is	dishes.
one thing children beg parents for at bedtime is	a drink.
one thing children beg parents for at bedtime is	a story.
one thing children beg parents for at bedtime is	stay up longer.
one thing children beg parents for at bedtime is	snack.
one holiday that's considered patriotic is	4th of july.
one holiday that's considered patriotic is	memorial day.
one occupation where people wear shorts to work is	lifeguard.
one occupation where people wear shorts to work is	mail carrier.
one occupation where people wear shorts to work is	postman.
one occupation where people wear shorts to work is	athlete.
one occupation where people wear shorts to work is	phys ed instructor.
one animal that's more capable of making a lasting commitment than humans is	dog.
one animal that's more capable of making a lasting commitment than humans is	birds.
one animal that's more capable of making a lasting commitment than humans is	cat.
one animal that's more capable of making a lasting commitment than humans is	elephant.
one animal that's more capable of making a lasting commitment than humans is	monkey.
one animal that's more capable of making a lasting commitment than humans is	turtle.
one scent you would not want perfume to smell like is	skunk.
one scent you would not want perfume to smell like is	poop.
one scent you would not want perfume to smell like is	sweat.
one scent you would not want perfume to smell like is	garbage.
the place where you do most of your complaining is	home.
the place where you do most of your complaining is	work.
the place where you do most of your complaining is	on the phone.
the place where you do most of your complaining is	friend's place.
the place where you do most of your complaining is	over the internet.
one star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are is	will smith.
one star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are is	julia roberts.
one star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are is	tom hanks.
one star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are is	george clooney.
one star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are is	edward norton.
one star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are is	will ferrell.
one star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are is	matthew mcc...
one star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are is	nicholas cage.
one kind of animal you might see in a swamp is	alligator.
one kind of animal you might see in a swamp is	frog.
one kind of animal you might see in a swamp is	snake.
one kind of animal you might see in a swamp is	crocodile.
one kind of animal you might see in a swamp is	monster.
one thing japan is famous for is	cars.
one thing japan is famous for is	wasabi.
one thing japan is famous for is	sushi.
one thing japan is famous for is	sashimi.
one thing japan is famous for is	camcorders.
one thing japan is famous for is	stereos.
one thing japan is famous for is	video cameras.
one thing japan is famous for is	radios.
one thing japan is famous for is	walkmen.
one thing japan is famous for is	ipods.
one thing japan is famous for is	boom boxes.
one thing japan is famous for is	ghetto blasters.
one thing japan is famous for is	gadgets.
one thing japan is famous for is	electronics.
one thing japan is famous for is	vehicles.
one thing japan is famous for is	vans.
one thing japan is famous for is	trucks.
one thing japan is famous for is	suvs.
one thing japan is famous for is	automobiles.
one thing japan is famous for is	wrestling.
one thing japan is famous for is	sumo wrestling.
one thing japan is famous for is	bushido.
one thing japan is famous for is	samurai.
one thing japan is famous for is	pearl harbor.
one thing japan is famous for is	harbor.
one thing grown men still ask their mommy to do for them is	cook for them.
one thing grown men still ask their mommy to do for them is	laundry/ironing.
one thing grown men still ask their mommy to do for them is	loan them money.
one thing grown men still ask their mommy to do for them is	shop for them.
one thing grown men still ask their mommy to do for them is	sing to them.
one thing grown men still ask their mommy to do for them is	give ride in car.
one physical feature that makes it obvious two people are related is	eyes.
one physical feature that makes it obvious two people are related is	nose.
one physical feature that makes it obvious two people are related is	hair.
one physical feature that makes it obvious two people are related is	smile.
one kind of bank that doesn't deal in money is	blood bank.
one kind of bank that doesn't deal in money is	sperm bank.
one kind of bank that doesn't deal in money is	food bank.
one kind of bank that doesn't deal in money is	river bank.
one thing you think of when you think of france is	eiffel tower.
one thing you think of when you think of france is	paris.
one thing you think of when you think of france is	romance.
one thing you think of when you think of france is	the food.
one thing you think of when you think of france is	wine.
one fish you're afraid of is	shark.
one fish you're afraid of is	piranha.
one fish you're afraid of is	eel.
one fish you're afraid of is	barracuda.
one thing a doctor might have is	stethoscope.
one thing a doctor might have is	white coat.
one thing a doctor might have is	patients.
one thing a doctor might have is	medicine.
one thing a doctor might have is	latex gloves.
one thing you go outside in your bathrobe to do is	get newspaper.
one thing you go outside in your bathrobe to do is	take out trash.
one thing you go outside in your bathrobe to do is	get the mail.
one thing you go outside in your bathrobe to do is	water the lawn.
one thing you go outside in your bathrobe to do is	walk/tend to dog.
one thing you go outside in your bathrobe to do is	talk to neighbor.
one thing you go outside in your bathrobe to do is	give kids lunch.
one monster that would have been hunted by sinbad is	kraken.
one monster that would have been hunted by sinbad is	sea serpent.
one monster that would have been hunted by sinbad is	cyclops.
one monster that would have been hunted by sinbad is	whale.
one monster that would have been hunted by sinbad is	dragon.
one reason people take out a loan is	buy house.
one reason people take out a loan is	college.
one reason people take out a loan is	buy car.
one reason people take out a loan is	open business.
one reason people take out a loan is	marriage.
one thing a doctor might be holding in his hand is	stethoscope.
one thing a doctor might be holding in his hand is	scalpel/knife.
one thing a doctor might be holding in his hand is	thermometer.
one thing a doctor might be holding in his hand is	pad.
one thing a doctor might be holding in his hand is	needle.
one ingredient in ratatouille is	pasta.
one ingredient in ratatouille is	tomatoes.
one ingredient in ratatouille is	eggplant.
one ingredient in ratatouille is	cheese.
one ingredient in ratatouille is	pasta sauce.
one ingredient in ratatouille is	rat.
one expensive item on a restaurant menu is	lobster.
one expensive item on a restaurant menu is	steak.
one expensive item on a restaurant menu is	wine.
one thing most people know about lucille ball is	red hair.
one thing most people know about lucille ball is	funny.
one thing most people know about lucille ball is	married desi arnaz.
one thing most people know about lucille ball is	i love lucy.
one thing most people know about lucille ball is	actress.
one thing that you might see one person run after is	bus.
one thing that you might see one person run after is	money.
one thing that you might see one person run after is	dog.
one thing that you might see one person run after is	taxi.
one thing that you might see one person run after is	child.
one thing that you might see one person run after is	ball.
one game that families play on road trips is	i spy.
one game that families play on road trips is	slug bug.
one game that families play on road trips is	license plate game.
one game that families play on road trips is	find the alphabet.
one game that families play on road trips is	20 questions.
one thing you might compare a bald guy's head to is	ball.
one thing you might compare a bald guy's head to is	bowling ball.
one thing you might compare a bald guy's head to is	cue ball.
one thing you might compare a bald guy's head to is	billiard ball.
one thing you might compare a bald guy's head to is	pool ball.
one thing you might compare a bald guy's head to is	beach ball.
one thing you might compare a bald guy's head to is	basketball.
one thing you might compare a bald guy's head to is	egg.
one thing you might compare a bald guy's head to is	yolk.
one thing you might compare a bald guy's head to is	globe.
one reason why a woman wouldn't like a pirate's life is	dirty.
one reason why a woman wouldn't like a pirate's life is	violence.
one reason why a woman wouldn't like a pirate's life is	dangerous.
one reason why a woman wouldn't like a pirate's life is	seasickness.
one person you feel you know because they're on tv every day is	oprah winfrey.
one person you feel you know because they're on tv every day is	katie couric.
one person you feel you know because they're on tv every day is	dr. phil.
one person you feel you know because they're on tv every day is	president.
one person you feel you know because they're on tv every day is	rachael ray.
one person you feel you know because they're on tv every day is	ellen degeneres.
one person you feel you know because they're on tv every day is	sean hannity.
one thing that flies is	birds.
one thing that flies is	airplanes.
one thing that flies is	butterfly.
one thing that flies is	fly.
one thing that flies is	bees.
one thing that flies is	kite.
one place that begins with the word "south" is	dakota.
one place that begins with the word "south" is	america.
one place that begins with the word "south" is	pole.
one place that begins with the word "south" is	carolina.
one place that begins with the word "south" is	park.
one place that begins with the word "south" is	central.
one thing australia sends to other countries is	wheat.
one thing australia sends to other countries is	soldiers.
one thing australia sends to other countries is	money.
one thing australia sends to other countries is	wool.
one thing australia sends to other countries is	vegemite.
one thing australia sends to other countries is	food.
one thing australia sends to other countries is	sheep.
one thing people do at a movie is	eat popcorn.
one thing people do at a movie is	watch a movie.
one thing people do at a movie is	kiss.
one thing people do at a movie is	sleep.
one thing people do at a movie is	talk.
one thing people do at a movie is	laugh.
one thing that firemen carry that regular people don't is	fire hose.
one thing that firemen carry that regular people don't is	axe.
one thing that firemen carry that regular people don't is	oxygen tank.
one thing that firemen carry that regular people don't is	badge.
one thing that firemen carry that regular people don't is	ladder.
one thing that firemen carry that regular people don't is	extinguisher.
one advantage of being a senior citizen is	discount.
one advantage of being a senior citizen is	no work.
one animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with is	bear.
one animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with is	skunk.
one animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with is	lion.
one animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with is	wolf.
one animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with is	cat.
one animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with is	another dog.
one animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with is	raccoon.
one animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with is	cougar.
one professional sports team in new york is	yankees.
one professional sports team in new york is	giants.
one professional sports team in new york is	jet.
one professional sports team in new york is	knicks.
one thing people keep in the basement is	washer and dryer.
one thing people keep in the basement is	furnace.
one thing people keep in the basement is	furniture.
one thing people keep in the basement is	boxes.
one thing people keep in the basement is	bicycle.
one thing people keep in the basement is	christmas decorations.
one thing a boss has that the worker might envy is	money.
one thing a boss has that the worker might envy is	prestige.
one thing a boss has that the worker might envy is	authority.
one thing a boss has that the worker might envy is	nice office.
one thing a boss has that the worker might envy is	nice car.
one thing a boss has that the worker might envy is	more time off.
one thing people push around is	cart.
one thing people push around is	baby stroller.
one thing people push around is	vacuum.
one thing people push around is	lawn mower.
one animal that seems to exist only to breed and multiply is	rabbit.
one animal that seems to exist only to breed and multiply is	rat.
one animal that seems to exist only to breed and multiply is	cat.
one animal that seems to exist only to breed and multiply is	hamster.
one animal that seems to exist only to breed and multiply is	dog.
one thing in your house with four legs is	table.
one thing in your house with four legs is	pet.
one thing in your house with four legs is	chair.
one thing in your house with four legs is	bed.
one thing in your house with four legs is	insect.
one thing in your house with four legs is	couch.
one gift you received in the past that seems really out of style now is	clothes.
one gift you received in the past that seems really out of style now is	record player.
one thing dogs do while riding in a car is	head out window.
one thing dogs do while riding in a car is	bark.
one thing dogs do while riding in a car is	sleep.
one thing dogs do while riding in a car is	pants.
one thing dogs do while riding in a car is	throw up.
one part of his body a skinny guy might want to exercise and build up is	chest.
one part of his body a skinny guy might want to exercise and build up is	arms.
one thing a superhero wears that most men don't is	spandex pants.
one thing a superhero wears that most men don't is	mask.
one thing a superhero wears that most men don't is	cape.
one country where it's hot all year around is	south africa.
one country where it's hot all year around is	mexico.
one country where it's hot all year around is	jamaica.
one country where it's hot all year around is	brazil.
one country where it's hot all year around is	australia.
one country where it's hot all year around is	iraq.
one thing gorillas do all day is	scratch.
one thing gorillas do all day is	eat/bananas.
one thing gorillas do all day is	beat their chests.
one thing gorillas do all day is	grunt/make noise.
one thing gorillas do all day is	groom each other.
one thing gorillas do all day is	jump around.
one thing you might see in an alleyway is	dumpster.
one thing you might see in an alleyway is	cats.
one thing you might see in an alleyway is	cardboard.
one thing you'd find in a haunted house is	ghost.
one thing you'd find in a haunted house is	spiderwebs.
one thing you'd find in a haunted house is	blood.
one thing you'd find in a haunted house is	witch.
one thing you'd find in a haunted house is	skeletons.
one thing you'd find in a haunted house is	monsters.
one thing accidentally gets stuck on the roof is	frisbee.
one thing accidentally gets stuck on the roof is	ball.
one thing accidentally gets stuck on the roof is	cat.
one thing accidentally gets stuck on the roof is	kite.
one thing accidentally gets stuck on the roof is	leaves.
one thing accidentally gets stuck on the roof is	newspaper.
one thing people get built in their backyards is	shed.
one thing people get built in their backyards is	pool.
one thing people get built in their backyards is	cubby house.
one thing people get built in their backyards is	pergola.
one thing people get built in their backyards is	garage.
one thing people get built in their backyards is	bbq.
one thing a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants is	money.
one thing a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants is	jewelry.
one thing a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants is	clothes/shoes.
one thing a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants is	new car.
one thing a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants is	more sex.
one thing a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants is	help around house.
one thing a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants is	to go shopping.
one celebrity you wish you could have dinner with is	oprah.
one celebrity you wish you could have dinner with is	brad pitt.
one celebrity you wish you could have dinner with is	george clooney.
one celebrity you wish you could have dinner with is	denzel washington.
one celebrity you wish you could have dinner with is	beyonce.
one celebrity you wish you could have dinner with is	johnny depp.
one former british colony that is not the united states of america is	canada.
one former british colony that is not the united states of america is	india.
one former british colony that is not the united states of america is	australia.
one former british colony that is not the united states of america is	jamaica.
one former british colony that is not the united states of america is	hong kong.
the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy" is	13.
the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy" is	18.
the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy" is	16.
the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy" is	14.
the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy" is	21.
the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy" is	15.
the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy" is	12.
one place that kids beg their parents to take them is	park.
one place that kids beg their parents to take them is	zoo.
one place that kids beg their parents to take them is	amusement park.
one place that kids beg their parents to take them is	movie theatre.
one place that kids beg their parents to take them is	mall.
one place that kids beg their parents to take them is	fast food restaurant.
one place that kids beg their parents to take them is	beach.
one city people go to follow their dreams is	los angeles.
one city people go to follow their dreams is	new york.
one city people go to follow their dreams is	las vegas.
one city people go to follow their dreams is	paris.
one city people go to follow their dreams is	san francisco.
one city people go to follow their dreams is	honolulu.
one thing you would give to your child but not your boss is	a kiss.
one thing you would give to your child but not your boss is	toys.
one thing you would give to your child but not your boss is	money.
one thing you would give to your child but not your boss is	food.
one food that leaves you with a couple of days of leftovers is	turkey.
one food that leaves you with a couple of days of leftovers is	pasta.
one food that leaves you with a couple of days of leftovers is	roast beef.
one food that leaves you with a couple of days of leftovers is	meat loaf.
one food that leaves you with a couple of days of leftovers is	chili.
one food that leaves you with a couple of days of leftovers is	soup.
one cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today is	corn flakes.
one cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today is	cheerios.
one cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today is	oatmeal.
one cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today is	rice krispies.
one cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today is	frosted flakes.
one cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today is	wheaties.
one cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today is	captain crunch.
one cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today is	shredded wheat.
one cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today is	trix.
one thing you might watch through binoculars is	bird.
one thing you might watch through binoculars is	sporting event.
one thing you might watch through binoculars is	neighbours.
one thing you might watch through binoculars is	the stars.
one thing you might watch through binoculars is	concert.
one errand it seems you are always doing is	grocery shopping.
one errand it seems you are always doing is	driving kids around.
one errand it seems you are always doing is	laundry.
one errand it seems you are always doing is	paying bills.
one thing you like to smell around your neighborhood in summer is	flowers.
one thing you like to smell around your neighborhood in summer is	grass.
one thing that grows on a vine is	grapes.
one thing that grows on a vine is	tomatoes.
one thing that grows on a vine is	poison ivy.
one thing that grows on a vine is	strawberries.
one thing that grows on a vine is	blackberries.
one thing that grows on a vine is	leaves.
one state that probably has more cows than people is	texas.
one state that probably has more cows than people is	wisconsin.
one state that probably has more cows than people is	nebraska.
one state that probably has more cows than people is	iowa.
one state that probably has more cows than people is	oklahoma.
one state that probably has more cows than people is	kansas.
one kind of place where people should be on the lookout for robbers is	bank/a.t.m..
one kind of place where people should be on the lookout for robbers is	malls/stores.
one kind of place where people should be on the lookout for robbers is	dark street/alley.
one kind of place where people should be on the lookout for robbers is	at home.
one kind of place where people should be on the lookout for robbers is	subway/train.
one type is cake is	cheesecake.
one type is cake is	chocolate cake.
one type is cake is	black forest.
one type is cake is	carrot cake.
one tv show that's a clone of american idol is	so you think you can dance.
one tv show that's a clone of american idol is	next american.
one tv show that's a clone of american idol is	american's got talent.
one tv show that's a clone of american idol is	dancing with the stars.
one tv show that's a clone of american idol is	nashville star.
one tv show that's a clone of american idol is	america's next top model.
one thing that can be engaged is	people.
one thing that can be engaged is	phone.
one thing that can be engaged is	toilet.
one thing that can be engaged is	gears.
one country where they drink lots of wine is	italy.
one country where they drink lots of wine is	france.
one country where they drink lots of wine is	england.
one country where they drink lots of wine is	spain.
one thing interviewers always ask paris hilton about is	her love life.
one thing interviewers always ask paris hilton about is	her sex video.
one thing interviewers always ask paris hilton about is	career/movies.
one thing interviewers always ask paris hilton about is	body/surgeries.
one thing interviewers always ask paris hilton about is	her age.
one thing interviewers always ask paris hilton about is	her money.
one place where people might get claustrophobic is	elevator.
one place where people might get claustrophobic is	closet.
one place where people might get claustrophobic is	airplane.
one place where people might get claustrophobic is	crowded room.
one place where people might get claustrophobic is	bar.
one place where people might get claustrophobic is	jail.
one place where people might get claustrophobic is	cat scan.
one thing you might find in a fish tank is	fish.
one thing you might find in a fish tank is	castle.
one thing you might find in a fish tank is	fish food.
one thing you might find in a fish tank is	filter.
one thing you say to people when you take their picture is	say cheese.
one thing you say to people when you take their picture is	smile.
one thing you say to people when you take their picture is	mommy.
one place you should never ever use foul language is	church.
one place you should never ever use foul language is	work.
one place you should never ever use foul language is	home.
one place you should never ever use foul language is	school.
one place you should never ever use foul language is	day care.
one breed of dog you can only describe as annoying is	chihuahua.
one breed of dog you can only describe as annoying is	poodle.
one breed of dog you can only describe as annoying is	pit bull.
one breed of dog you can only describe as annoying is	doberman pinscher.
one breed of dog you can only describe as annoying is	pekingese.
one reason why a babysitter might swear never to come back is	kids misbehave.
one reason why a babysitter might swear never to come back is	low pay.
one reason why a babysitter might swear never to come back is	parents late/hours.
one reason why a babysitter might swear never to come back is	messy home.
one reason why you might be nervous while driving is	weather conditions.
one reason why you might be nervous while driving is	heavy traffic.
one reason why you might be nervous while driving is	new driver.
one reason why you might be nervous while driving is	spot a police car.
one reason why you might be nervous while driving is	tailgating.
one reason why you might be nervous while driving is	lost.
one reason it might hurt to smile is	dental work.
one reason it might hurt to smile is	chapped lips.
one reason it might hurt to smile is	hurt.
one reason it might hurt to smile is	canker.
one reason it might hurt to smile is	feeling sad.
one reason it might hurt to smile is	sunburn.
one thing you might light with a match is	candles.
one thing you might light with a match is	cigarettes.
one thing you might light with a match is	grill.
one thing you might light with a match is	fire.
one thing you might light with a match is	pilot light.
one thing you're starting to think you'll never be able to afford is	house.
one thing you're starting to think you'll never be able to afford is	new car.
one thing you're starting to think you'll never be able to afford is	retirement.
one thing you're starting to think you'll never be able to afford is	boat.
one thing you're starting to think you'll never be able to afford is	vacation.
one thing you're starting to think you'll never be able to afford is	castle.
one kind of place where people let their attention wander is	church.
one kind of place where people let their attention wander is	work.
one kind of place where people let their attention wander is	school.
one kind of place where people let their attention wander is	movie theater.
one kind of place where people let their attention wander is	beach.
one kind of place where people let their attention wander is	park.
one kind of place where people let their attention wander is	shopping mall.
one profession with over-caffeinated employees is	nurse.
one profession with over-caffeinated employees is	teacher.
one profession with over-caffeinated employees is	police officer.
one profession with over-caffeinated employees is	accountant.
one thing you might find in the desert is	cactus.
one thing you might find in the desert is	sand.
one thing you might find in the desert is	snakes.
one thing you might find in the desert is	camels.
one thing that might be "runny" is	nose.
one thing that might be "runny" is	eggs.
one thing that might be "runny" is	faucet.
one thing that might be "runny" is	gravy.
one thing that might be "runny" is	ice cream.
one thing people have less of as they get older is	hair.
one thing people have less of as they get older is	energy/vitality.
one thing people have less of as they get older is	teeth.
one thing people have less of as they get older is	appetite.
one thing people have less of as they get older is	patience.
one reptile people keep as a pet [no 'lizard', be more specific] is	snake.
one reptile people keep as a pet [no 'lizard', be more specific] is	iguana.
one reptile people keep as a pet [no 'lizard', be more specific] is	gecko.
one reptile people keep as a pet [no 'lizard', be more specific] is	chameleon.
one reptile people keep as a pet [no 'lizard', be more specific] is	alligator.
one part of her clothing that a woman would hate to have break while on a date is	bra strap.
one part of her clothing that a woman would hate to have break while on a date is	zipper/fly.
one part of her clothing that a woman would hate to have break while on a date is	button.
one part of her clothing that a woman would hate to have break while on a date is	high heels.
one part of her clothing that a woman would hate to have break while on a date is	jewelry clasp.
one former president you would have voted for if you were living at the time is	abraham lincoln.
one former president you would have voted for if you were living at the time is	john kennedy.
one former president you would have voted for if you were living at the time is	f.d.r..
one former president you would have voted for if you were living at the time is	george washington.
one thing you do using one finger only is	dial phone.
one thing you do using one finger only is	point.
one thing you do using one finger only is	pick nose.
one thing you do using one finger only is	type.
one thing you do using one finger only is	push button.
one thing that creaks when it gets old is	people.
one thing that creaks when it gets old is	house.
one thing that creaks when it gets old is	chair.
one thing that creaks when it gets old is	door.
one thing that creaks when it gets old is	bed.
one thing that creaks when it gets old is	car.
one job in a supermarket is	cashier.
one job in a supermarket is	stocker.
one job in a supermarket is	bagger.
one job in a supermarket is	butcher.
one thing you blow on is	hot food.
one thing you blow on is	candles.
one thing you blow on is	whistle.
one thing you blow on is	dandelions.
one thing you blow on is	balloons.
one thing a pregnant woman does to make sure her baby is healthy is	take vitamins.
one thing a pregnant woman does to make sure her baby is healthy is	no smoking.
one thing a pregnant woman does to make sure her baby is healthy is	visit doctor.
one thing a pregnant woman does to make sure her baby is healthy is	eat well.
one thing a pregnant woman does to make sure her baby is healthy is	no drinking.
one thing a pregnant woman does to make sure her baby is healthy is	exercise.
one thing that's kept in a "tank" is	fish.
one thing that's kept in a "tank" is	gas.
one thing that's kept in a "tank" is	water.
one thing that's kept in a "tank" is	oil.
one thing that's kept in a "tank" is	propane.
one thing drastic you might do to get ready for your high school reunion is	lose weight.
one thing drastic you might do to get ready for your high school reunion is	plastic surgery.
one thing drastic you might do to get ready for your high school reunion is	new hair style.
one thing drastic you might do to get ready for your high school reunion is	workout.
one thing drastic you might do to get ready for your high school reunion is	botox.
one thing drastic you might do to get ready for your high school reunion is	new clothes.
one thing many people have that's fake is	jewelry/watch.
one thing many people have that's fake is	hair.
one thing many people have that's fake is	teeth.
one thing many people have that's fake is	bustline.
one thing many people have that's fake is	fur.
one thing many people have that's fake is	flowers.
one thing many people have that's fake is	fingernails.
one thing kids do when their pet goldfish dies is	cry.
one thing kids do when their pet goldfish dies is	flush down toilet.
one thing kids do when their pet goldfish dies is	bury it.
one thing kids do when their pet goldfish dies is	funeral/ceremony.
one thing kids do when their pet goldfish dies is	buy new one.
one thing a grandmother might want her grandchildren to learn is	manners.
one thing a grandmother might want her grandchildren to learn is	family recipes.
one thing a grandmother might want her grandchildren to learn is	knitting/sewing.
one thing a grandmother might want her grandchildren to learn is	family history.
one thing a grandmother might want her grandchildren to learn is	native language.
one way that your friends would begin greeting you if you became a member of the royal family is	bow.
one way that your friends would begin greeting you if you became a member of the royal family is	your highness.
one way that your friends would begin greeting you if you became a member of the royal family is	sir/maam.
one way that your friends would begin greeting you if you became a member of the royal family is	your majesty.
one way that your friends would begin greeting you if you became a member of the royal family is	curtsy.
one beverage served hot is	coffee.
one beverage served hot is	tea.
one beverage served hot is	hot chocolate.
one beverage served hot is	apple cider.
one thing you peel (be more specific than fruit) is	orange.
one thing you peel (be more specific than fruit) is	banana.
one thing you peel (be more specific than fruit) is	potatoes.
one thing you peel (be more specific than fruit) is	apples.
one thing you peel (be more specific than fruit) is	carrot.
one thing you peel (be more specific than fruit) is	pear.
one thing you do to relax when you are feeling stressed is	bathe.
one thing you do to relax when you are feeling stressed is	read.
one thing you do to relax when you are feeling stressed is	sleep.
one thing you do to relax when you are feeling stressed is	drink.
one thing you do to relax when you are feeling stressed is	watch tv.
one thing that might make you nervous is	interviews.
one thing that might make you nervous is	tests.
one thing that might make you nervous is	public speaking.
one thing that might make you nervous is	doctors.
one thing that might make you nervous is	heights.
one thing that might make you nervous is	needles.
one thing that gets adjusted is	belt/waistband.
one thing that gets adjusted is	brassiere.
one thing that gets adjusted is	tv antennae.
one thing that gets adjusted is	seat belt.
one thing that gets adjusted is	seat.
one thing that gets adjusted is	spine.
one thing that gets adjusted is	insurance.
one item of junk lying around your house is	newspapers.
one item of junk lying around your house is	magazines.
one item of junk lying around your house is	mail.
one item of junk lying around your house is	car.
one item of junk lying around your house is	tires.
one item of junk lying around your house is	televisions.
one thing you fill with water is	bathtub.
one thing you fill with water is	water pitcher.
one thing you fill with water is	swimming pool.
one thing you fill with water is	cup.
one thing you fill with water is	balloon.
one us city in which you would like to live is	new york.
one us city in which you would like to live is	miami.
one us city in which you would like to live is	las vegas.
one us city in which you would like to live is	orlando.
one us city in which you would like to live is	chicago.
one us city in which you would like to live is	los angeles.
one thing you jump on is	trampoline.
one thing you jump on is	bed.
one thing you jump on is	diving board.
one thing you jump on is	bouncy castle.
one place you always spend more time at than you planned to is	mall.
one place you always spend more time at than you planned to is	grocery store.
one place you always spend more time at than you planned to is	work.
one place you always spend more time at than you planned to is	parent's house.
one place you always spend more time at than you planned to is	party.
one place you always spend more time at than you planned to is	doctor's office.
one place you always spend more time at than you planned to is	friends house.
one thing that changes color is	chameleon.
one thing that changes color is	leaves.
one thing that changes color is	sky.
one thing that changes color is	eyes.
one thing that changes color is	hair.
one thing people consider a snack food is	chips.
one thing people consider a snack food is	popcorn.
one thing people consider a snack food is	nuts.
one thing people consider a snack food is	pretzels.
one thing people consider a snack food is	apples.
one person you hate getting bad news from is	a relative.
one person you hate getting bad news from is	the doctor.
one person you hate getting bad news from is	irs/tax person.
one person you hate getting bad news from is	a police officer.
one person you hate getting bad news from is	the boss.
one person you hate getting bad news from is	a friend.
one thing people get stuck in is	traffic.
one thing people get stuck in is	elevator.
one thing people get stuck in is	mud.
one thing people get stuck in is	snowstorm.
one thing people get stuck in is	relationship.
one thing people get stuck in is	bills/debt.
one thing you hope you never run out of is	money.
one thing you hope you never run out of is	toilet paper.
one thing you hope you never run out of is	love.
one thing you hope you never run out of is	time.
one thing you hope you never run out of is	friends.
one thing you hope you never run out of is	gasoline.
one thing women can do for hours on end is	talk/nag.
one thing women can do for hours on end is	shop.
one thing women can do for hours on end is	watch tv.
one thing women can do for hours on end is	read.
one food that gets bigger when you cook it is	bread.
one food that gets bigger when you cook it is	hot dog.
one food that gets bigger when you cook it is	rice.
one food that gets bigger when you cook it is	pasta.
one food that gets bigger when you cook it is	cake.
one food that gets bigger when you cook it is	popcorn.
one thing people might do to pass time while traveling is	read.
one thing people might do to pass time while traveling is	sleep.
one thing people might do to pass time while traveling is	listen to music.
one thing people might do to pass time while traveling is	play games.
one thing people might do to pass time while traveling is	sing.
one kind of place where you might see a portapotty is	park.
one kind of place where you might see a portapotty is	construction.
one kind of place where you might see a portapotty is	concert.
one kind of place where you might see a portapotty is	camp ground.
one kind of place where you might see a portapotty is	sporting event.
one kind of place where you might see a portapotty is	parade.
one kind of place where you might see a portapotty is	fair.
one thing that you'd test out before buying second-hand is	car.
one thing that you'd test out before buying second-hand is	tv.
one favor friends do for friends is	lend/borrow money.
one favor friends do for friends is	baby-sit children.
one favor friends do for friends is	drive/give ride.
one favor friends do for friends is	house/pet-sit.
one favor friends do for friends is	help them move.
one thing people do everyday to show their patriotism is	plegde of allegiance.
one thing people do everyday to show their patriotism is	fly the flag.
one thing people do everyday to show their patriotism is	pray.
one thing people do everyday to show their patriotism is	work.
one thing people do everyday to show their patriotism is	sing anthem.
one thing you might run out of is	milk.
one thing you might run out of is	toilet paper.
one thing you might run out of is	money.
one thing you might run out of is	petrol.
one thing you might run out of is	sugar.
one thing you might run out of is	time.
one thing that has a keyboard is	computer.
one thing that has a keyboard is	piano.
one thing that has a keyboard is	phone.
one thing that has a keyboard is	typewriter.
one occasion when a husband should send his wife flowers is	anniversary.
one occasion when a husband should send his wife flowers is	valentine's day.
one occasion when a husband should send his wife flowers is	her birthday.
one occasion when a husband should send his wife flowers is	after fight.
one place where you might keep a spare key is	doormat.
one place where you might keep a spare key is	under a rock.
one place where you might keep a spare key is	flower pot.
one place where you might keep a spare key is	next door.
one place where you might keep a spare key is	drawer.
one thing teens are more likely to do to their appearance than their parents are is	dye their hair.
one thing teens are more likely to do to their appearance than their parents are is	get a tattoo.
one thing teens are more likely to do to their appearance than their parents are is	get a piercing.
one thing in your house you might not want a sumo wrestler using is	chair.
one thing in your house you might not want a sumo wrestler using is	toilet.
one thing in your house you might not want a sumo wrestler using is	sofa/couch.
one thing in your house you might not want a sumo wrestler using is	floor.
one thing in your house you might not want a sumo wrestler using is	table.
one food that you can cook as well as it's cooked in most restaurants is	pasta.
one food that you can cook as well as it's cooked in most restaurants is	steak.
one food that you can cook as well as it's cooked in most restaurants is	hamburgers.
one food that you can cook as well as it's cooked in most restaurants is	chicken.
one food that you can cook as well as it's cooked in most restaurants is	potatoes/fries.
one animal that grazes is	cow.
one animal that grazes is	horse.
one animal that grazes is	deer.
one animal that grazes is	buffalo.
one animal that grazes is	goat.
one animal that grazes is	sheep.
one thing you eat by the slice is	pizza.
one thing you eat by the slice is	bread.
one thing you eat by the slice is	pie.
one thing you eat by the slice is	cheese.
one thing you eat by the slice is	cake.
one thing you eat by the slice is	watermelon.
one store that is known for its catalogue is	sears.
one store that is known for its catalogue is	jc pennys.
one store that is known for its catalogue is	j. crew.
one store that is known for its catalogue is	victoria's secret.
one store that is known for its catalogue is	neiman marcus.
one thing kids can do that adults can't is	play.
one thing kids can do that adults can't is	fit in small places.
one thing kids can do that adults can't is	cart wheel.
one thing kids can do that adults can't is	nap.
one thing kids can do that adults can't is	throw tantrums.
one thing the lawn mower might accidentally roll over is	rocks.
one thing the lawn mower might accidentally roll over is	toy.
one thing the lawn mower might accidentally roll over is	flowers.
one thing the lawn mower might accidentally roll over is	foot.
one thing the lawn mower might accidentally roll over is	sprinkler.
one thing the lawn mower might accidentally roll over is	garden hose.
one tradesperson who helps build a house is	carpenter.
one tradesperson who helps build a house is	builder.
one tradesperson who helps build a house is	plumber.
one tradesperson who helps build a house is	bricklayer.
one tradesperson who helps build a house is	electrician.
one famous man named tim is	tim allen.
one famous man named tim is	tim robbins.
one famous man named tim is	tiny tim.
thing you see on a farm is	cows.
thing you see on a farm is	pigs.
thing you see on a farm is	sheep.
thing you see on a farm is	horses.
thing you see on a farm is	tractor.
one word you'd use to describe your mattress that could also describe one person's body is	firm.
one word you'd use to describe your mattress that could also describe one person's body is	soft.
one word you'd use to describe your mattress that could also describe one person's body is	lumpy.
one word you'd use to describe your mattress that could also describe one person's body is	hard.
one word you'd use to describe your mattress that could also describe one person's body is	flat.
one color leaves turn in the fall is	orange.
one color leaves turn in the fall is	red.
one color leaves turn in the fall is	yellow.
one famous tough guy who could really take a punch is	sylvester stal.
one famous tough guy who could really take a punch is	clint eastwood.
one famous tough guy who could really take a punch is	mike tyson.
one famous tough guy who could really take a punch is	arnold schwar....
one famous tough guy who could really take a punch is	john wayne.
one famous tough guy who could really take a punch is	steven seagal.
one famous tough guy who could really take a punch is	muhammad ali.
one thing specific everyone complains about is	weather.
one thing specific everyone complains about is	work.
one thing specific everyone complains about is	money.
one thing specific everyone complains about is	bills.
one thing specific everyone complains about is	taxes.
one thing specific everyone complains about is	traffic.
one thing specific everyone complains about is	gas prices.
one thing found in every home is	television.
one thing found in every home is	refrigerator.
one thing found in every home is	bathroom.
one thing found in every home is	kitchen.
one thing found in every home is	bed.
one thing that slides easily down your throat is	oyster.
one thing that slides easily down your throat is	water.
one thing that slides easily down your throat is	jelly.
one thing that slides easily down your throat is	icecream.
one thing that slides easily down your throat is	beer.
one thing that slides easily down your throat is	honey.
one thing that's disastrous for crops is	cold.
one thing that's disastrous for crops is	insects.
one thing that's disastrous for crops is	drought.
one thing that's disastrous for crops is	hail.
one thing firefighters wear is	helmet.
one thing firefighters wear is	boots.
one thing firefighters wear is	fireproof coat.
one thing firefighters wear is	oxygen mask.
one animal that spends as much time in the water as on land is	duck.
one animal that spends as much time in the water as on land is	seal.
one animal that spends as much time in the water as on land is	alligator.
one animal that spends as much time in the water as on land is	turtle.
one animal that spends as much time in the water as on land is	frog.
one animal that spends as much time in the water as on land is	hippo.
one thing you do every day of your life is	eat.
one thing you do every day of your life is	brush teeth.
one thing you do every day of your life is	wake up.
one thing you do every day of your life is	take shower.
one thing you do every day of your life is	breathe.
one thing you do every day of your life is	use bathroom.
one thing you do every day of your life is	dress.
one thing you do every day of your life is	sleep.
one thing parents tells their kids not to waste is	food.
one thing parents tells their kids not to waste is	water.
one thing a clown has is	big shoes.
one thing a clown has is	red nose.
one thing a clown has is	balloons.
one thing a clown has is	horn.
one reason why your wife and your mistress might be at the same thanksgiving dinner is	a family member.
one reason why your wife and your mistress might be at the same thanksgiving dinner is	best friend.
one reason why your wife and your mistress might be at the same thanksgiving dinner is	servant.
one reason why your wife and your mistress might be at the same thanksgiving dinner is	poor planning.
one reason why your wife and your mistress might be at the same thanksgiving dinner is	caught cheating.
one reason why your wife and your mistress might be at the same thanksgiving dinner is	work dinner.
one slang term for one person who informs on a friend is	snitch.
one slang term for one person who informs on a friend is	rat.
one slang term for one person who informs on a friend is	tattletale.
one slang term for one person who informs on a friend is	backstabber.
one slang term for one person who informs on a friend is	nark.
one slang term for one person who informs on a friend is	squealer.
one thing you'd expect to see in psychiatrist's office is	couch.
one thing you'd expect to see in psychiatrist's office is	patients.
one thing you'd expect to see in psychiatrist's office is	diploma.
one thing you'd expect to see in psychiatrist's office is	certificate.
one thing you'd expect to see in psychiatrist's office is	books.
one thing you'd expect to see in psychiatrist's office is	picture.
one place where you would not want to keep your toothbrush is	toilet.
one place where you would not want to keep your toothbrush is	on the floor.
one place where you would not want to keep your toothbrush is	in the kitchen.
one place where you would not want to keep your toothbrush is	purse.
one place where you would not want to keep your toothbrush is	pocket.
one place where you would not want to keep your toothbrush is	garage.
one great toy for a child who likes to build things is	lego.
one great toy for a child who likes to build things is	blocks.
one great toy for a child who likes to build things is	building blocks.
one great toy for a child who likes to build things is	erector set.
one great toy for a child who likes to build things is	set.
one great toy for a child who likes to build things is	tinker toys.
one great toy for a child who likes to build things is	toys.
one great toy for a child who likes to build things is	lincoln logs.
one great toy for a child who likes to build things is	log cabin.
one place dogs hate to go is	veterinarian.
one place dogs hate to go is	groomer/bath.
one place dogs hate to go is	kennel.
one place dogs hate to go is	pound.
one board game you're never too old to play is	monopoly.
one board game you're never too old to play is	scrabble.
one board game you're never too old to play is	checkers.
one board game you're never too old to play is	chess.
one board game you're never too old to play is	parcheesi.
one board game you're never too old to play is	life.
one piece of boxing gear is	gloves.
one piece of boxing gear is	shorts/trunks.
one piece of boxing gear is	mouthpiece.
one piece of boxing gear is	helmet/headgear.
one book that people refer to frequently is	bible.
one book that people refer to frequently is	dictionary.
one book that people refer to frequently is	phone book.
one book that people refer to frequently is	cookbook.
one thing a parent might try to convince their child to try in the summer is	swimming.
one thing a parent might try to convince their child to try in the summer is	camping.
one thing a parent might try to convince their child to try in the summer is	sports.
one thing a parent might try to convince their child to try in the summer is	reading.
one thing a parent might try to convince their child to try in the summer is	working.
one thing grandmas offer you when you're visiting them is	biscuits.
one thing grandmas offer you when you're visiting them is	cake.
one thing grandmas offer you when you're visiting them is	lollies.
one thing grandmas offer you when you're visiting them is	tea.
one thing grandmas offer you when you're visiting them is	food.
one thing grandmas offer you when you're visiting them is	chocolate.
one thing grandmas offer you when you're visiting them is	drink.
one thing specific that you turn over is	pancake.
one thing specific that you turn over is	mattress.
one thing specific that you turn over is	page.
one thing specific that you turn over is	egg.
one thing specific that you turn over is	money.
one thing specific that you turn over is	hamburger.
one drink served in its own special glass is	martini.
one drink served in its own special glass is	margarita.
one drink served in its own special glass is	wine.
one drink served in its own special glass is	champagne.
one drink served in its own special glass is	beer.
one sport whose fans attack the athletes is	basketball.
one sport whose fans attack the athletes is	hockey.
one sport whose fans attack the athletes is	football.
one sport whose fans attack the athletes is	soccer.
one sport whose fans attack the athletes is	baseball.
one thing that people spread is	butter.
one thing that people spread is	rumors.
one thing that people spread is	germs.
one thing that people spread is	peanut butter.
one thing that people spread is	jam.
one thing that people spread is	cream cheese.
one thing that people spread is	lies.
one thing that people spread is	mayonnaise.
one famous kate or katie is	katie holmes.
one famous kate or katie is	kate smith.
one famous kate or katie is	kate hepburn.
one famous kate or katie is	katie couric.
one famous kate or katie is	kate hudson.
one famous kate or katie is	kate jackson.
one famous kate or katie is	kate winslet.
one famous kate or katie is	kate middleton.
one famous kate or katie is	katy perry.
one quality you find desirable in people is	compassion.
one quality you find desirable in people is	beauty.
one quality you find desirable in people is	humor.
one quality you find desirable in people is	educated.
one quality you find desirable in people is	honesty.
one animal old macdonald has on his farm is	cow.
one animal old macdonald has on his farm is	pig.
one animal old macdonald has on his farm is	duck.
one animal old macdonald has on his farm is	chicken.
one thing a person sees while driving that would cause them to slow down is	deer.
one thing a person sees while driving that would cause them to slow down is	accident.
one thing a person sees while driving that would cause them to slow down is	policeman.
one thing a person sees while driving that would cause them to slow down is	children.
one sport that you have to be in great shape to play is	football.
one sport that you have to be in great shape to play is	basketball.
one sport that you have to be in great shape to play is	soccer.
one sport that you have to be in great shape to play is	tennis.
one sport that you have to be in great shape to play is	baseball.
one sport that you have to be in great shape to play is	hockey.
one thing a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she's interested in is	sports.
one thing a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she's interested in is	cars.
one thing a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she's interested in is	his work.
one thing a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she's interested in is	anything.
one thing a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she's interested in is	computers.
one thing a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she's interested in is	weather.
one thing you'd hate to lose at the mall is	purse/wallet.
one thing you'd hate to lose at the mall is	keys.
one thing you'd hate to lose at the mall is	car.
one thing you'd hate to lose at the mall is	kids.
one animal with only 3 letters in its name is	dog.
one animal with only 3 letters in its name is	cat.
one animal with only 3 letters in its name is	pig.
one animal with only 3 letters in its name is	fox.
one animal with only 3 letters in its name is	rat.
one sea creature a pirate might make friends with is	octopus.
one sea creature a pirate might make friends with is	whale.
one sea creature a pirate might make friends with is	dolphin.
one sea creature a pirate might make friends with is	shark.
one sea creature a pirate might make friends with is	mermaid.
one state that you think has the most patriotic americans is	texas.
one state that you think has the most patriotic americans is	new york.
one state that you think has the most patriotic americans is	alabama.
one state that you think has the most patriotic americans is	massachusetts.
one state that you think has the most patriotic americans is	virginia.
one state that you think has the most patriotic americans is	pennsylvania.
one thing that is better when it is hot is	coffee.
one thing that is better when it is hot is	soup.
one thing that is better when it is hot is	pizza.
one thing that is better when it is hot is	tea.
one thing that is better when it is hot is	cocoa.
one type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park is	bus.
one type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park is	semi.
one type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park is	limo.
one type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park is	van.
one type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park is	suv.
one type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park is	rv.
one type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park is	tractor trailer.
one thing people bring on board boats is	life vest.
one thing people bring on board boats is	fishing gear.
one thing people bring on board boats is	food.
one thing people bring on board boats is	cooler.
one thing people bring on board boats is	alcohol.
one thing people bring on board boats is	sunscreen.
one performer or group whose music seems to span over generations is	elvis.
one performer or group whose music seems to span over generations is	elvis presley.
one performer or group whose music seems to span over generations is	presley.
one performer or group whose music seems to span over generations is	sinatra.
one performer or group whose music seems to span over generations is	frank sinatra.
one thing you know about bees is	make honey.
one thing you know about bees is	they sting.
one thing you know about bees is	have a queen bee.
one thing you know about bees is	sting kills bee.
one thing you find in the lobby of a post office is	stamps.
one thing you find in the lobby of a post office is	stamp machine.
one thing you find in the lobby of a post office is	postcards.
one thing you find in the lobby of a post office is	mailbox.
one thing you find in the lobby of a post office is	envelope.
one thing you find in the lobby of a post office is	boxes.
one reason why fathers want sons is	carry a family name.
one reason why fathers want sons is	play.
one reason why fathers want sons is	pass on legacy.
one reason why fathers want sons is	be just like them.
one reason why fathers want sons is	ego.
one reason why fathers want sons is	live vicariously.
one thing you would see at a bullfight is	bull.
one thing you would see at a bullfight is	matador.
one thing you would see at a bullfight is	red cape.
one thing you would see at a bullfight is	blood.
one thing you would see at a bullfight is	crowd.
one occupation where you never want to hear them say, "uh oh" is	medical.
one occupation where you never want to hear them say, "uh oh" is	mechanic.
one occupation where you never want to hear them say, "uh oh" is	construction.
one occupation where you never want to hear them say, "uh oh" is	accountant.
one occupation where you never want to hear them say, "uh oh" is	scientist.
one occupation where you never want to hear them say, "uh oh" is	police officer.
one thing you'd love to see paris hilton's dog do is	do tricks.
one thing you'd love to see paris hilton's dog do is	bite her.
one thing you'd love to see paris hilton's dog do is	run away.
one thing you'd love to see paris hilton's dog do is	die.
one thing you'd love to see paris hilton's dog do is	tinkle on her.
another way of saying "goodbye" is	see ya.
another way of saying "goodbye" is	adios.
another way of saying "goodbye" is	so long.
another way of saying "goodbye" is	later.
another way of saying "goodbye" is	waving.
another way of saying "goodbye" is	bye bye.
one reason why a fan might be kicked out of a sporting event is	aggressive/violent.
one reason why a fan might be kicked out of a sporting event is	drunk.
one reason why a fan might be kicked out of a sporting event is	loud/obnoxious.
one reason why a fan might be kicked out of a sporting event is	heckling team.
one thing a tennis player has is	tennis ball.
one thing a tennis player has is	tennis racket.
one thing a tennis player has is	talent.
one thing a tennis player has is	oppenent.
one part of your body where you hate being tickled is	feet.
one part of your body where you hate being tickled is	armpits.
one part of your body where you hate being tickled is	stomach.
one part of your body where you hate being tickled is	ribs.
one thing you'd hate to land on after skydiving is	water.
one thing you'd hate to land on after skydiving is	manure.
one thing you'd hate to land on after skydiving is	trees.
one thing you'd hate to land on after skydiving is	mud.
one thing you'd hate to land on after skydiving is	cactus.
one thing you'd hate to land on after skydiving is	rocks.
one thing you'd hate to land on after skydiving is	sand.
one thing that vampires hate is	sunlight.
one thing that vampires hate is	garlic.
one thing that vampires hate is	crucifix.
one thing that vampires hate is	wooden stakes.
one thing that vampires hate is	holy water.
one thing that vampires hate is	mirrors.
one animal that people don't usually eat is	dog.
one animal that people don't usually eat is	deer.
one animal that people don't usually eat is	cats.
one animal that people don't usually eat is	skunks.
one animal that people don't usually eat is	snakes.
one piece of kid's playground equipment that parents would probably hurt themselves using is	monkey bars.
one piece of kid's playground equipment that parents would probably hurt themselves using is	slide.
one piece of kid's playground equipment that parents would probably hurt themselves using is	swing.
one piece of kid's playground equipment that parents would probably hurt themselves using is	merry-go-round.
one piece of kid's playground equipment that parents would probably hurt themselves using is	seesaw.
one food that a child might want instead of turkey on thanksgiving is	chicken fingers.
one food that a child might want instead of turkey on thanksgiving is	hot dogs.
one food that a child might want instead of turkey on thanksgiving is	dessert.
one food that a child might want instead of turkey on thanksgiving is	ham.
one person you might have as an emergency contact is	parents.
one person you might have as an emergency contact is	spouse.
one person you might have as an emergency contact is	siblings.
one person you might have as an emergency contact is	children.
one thing you might see on a sign on the highway is	speed limits.
one thing you might see on a sign on the highway is	fast foot restaurants.
one thing you might see on a sign on the highway is	gas station.
one thing you might see on a sign on the highway is	public restrooms.
one thing you might see on a sign on the highway is	exits.
one thing you might see on a sign on the highway is	hotels.
one animal that lives in a river is	fish.
one animal that lives in a river is	platypus.
one animal that lives in a river is	crocodile.
one animal that lives in a river is	eel.
one animal that lives in a river is	beaver.
one animal that lives in a river is	snake.
one thing that people pull up is	pants.
one thing that people pull up is	weeds/plants.
one thing that people pull up is	underwear.
one thing that people pull up is	socks.
one thing that people pull up is	panty hose.
one thing that people pull up is	zipper.
one thing that howls is	wolf.
one thing that howls is	timberwolf.
one thing that howls is	rottweiler.
one thing that howls is	puppy.
one thing that howls is	pooch.
one thing that howls is	pit bull.
one thing that howls is	mutt.
one thing that howls is	mongrel.
one thing that howls is	cur.
one thing that howls is	canine.
one thing that howls is	dog.
one thing that howls is	coyote.
one thing that howls is	child.
one thing that howls is	kid.
one thing that howls is	offspring.
one thing that howls is	newborn.
one thing that howls is	infant.
one thing that howls is	baby.
one thing birds have is	wings.
one thing birds have is	beaks.
one thing birds have is	feathers.
one thing birds have is	talons.
one insect that can fly is	fly.
one insect that can fly is	mosquito.
one insect that can fly is	butterfly.
one insect that can fly is	bee.
one insect that can fly is	moth.
one insect that can fly is	grasshopper.
one thing that is harder to do the older you get is	exercise.
one thing that is harder to do the older you get is	walk.
one thing that is harder to do the older you get is	see.
one thing that is harder to do the older you get is	bend down.
one thing that is harder to do the older you get is	remember.
one thing that is harder to do the older you get is	lose weight.
one reason one person might say they love living in las vegas is	gambling.
one reason one person might say they love living in las vegas is	nice weather.
one reason one person might say they love living in las vegas is	entertainment.
one reason one person might say they love living in las vegas is	lots of money.
one reason one person might say they love living in las vegas is	bright lights.
one reason one person might say they love living in las vegas is	cost of living.
one thing people have to squeeze into is	clothes/shoes.
one thing people have to squeeze into is	car.
one thing people have to squeeze into is	restaurant booth.
one thing people have to squeeze into is	parking space.
one thing you check everyday is	email.
one thing you check everyday is	mailbox.
one thing you check everyday is	time.
one thing you check everyday is	weather forecast.
one thing you check everyday is	facebook.
one thing specfic that people do to calm down after an argument is	take a walk/leave.
one thing specfic that people do to calm down after an argument is	take deep breath.
one thing specfic that people do to calm down after an argument is	have a smoke.
one thing specfic that people do to calm down after an argument is	make up/apologize.
one thing specfic that people do to calm down after an argument is	count to 10.
one thing in your home you leave plugged in all the time is	telephone.
one thing in your home you leave plugged in all the time is	refrigerator.
one thing in your home you leave plugged in all the time is	lamp.
one thing in your home you leave plugged in all the time is	clock.
one thing in your home you leave plugged in all the time is	microwave.
one thing in your home you leave plugged in all the time is	toaster.
one snack you might keep at your work desk is	popcorn.
one snack you might keep at your work desk is	cookies.
one snack you might keep at your work desk is	pretzels.
one snack you might keep at your work desk is	chocolate bar.
one snack you might keep at your work desk is	peanuts.
one complaint people have about their computers is	slow.
one complaint people have about their computers is	freeze.
one thing a cyclist would bring with him other than his bicycle is	water.
one thing a cyclist would bring with him other than his bicycle is	knife.
one kind of place you might work where you'd really put on the pounds is	restaurant.
one kind of place you might work where you'd really put on the pounds is	bakery/donut shop.
one kind of place you might work where you'd really put on the pounds is	candy shop/maker.
one kind of place you might work where you'd really put on the pounds is	ice cream shop.
one thing many people plan to do someday but few ever do is	travel/vacation.
one thing many people plan to do someday but few ever do is	get rich/save $.
one thing many people plan to do someday but few ever do is	retire.
one thing many people plan to do someday but few ever do is	exer./lose weight.
one thing many people plan to do someday but few ever do is	parachute jump.
one thing many people plan to do someday but few ever do is	get divorced.
one thing many people plan to do someday but few ever do is	finish school.
one thing jim carrey is good at making is	faces.
one thing jim carrey is good at making is	movies.
one thing jim carrey is good at making is	jokes.
one thing jim carrey is good at making is	people laugh.
one thing jim carrey is good at making is	funny sounds.
one thing jim carrey is good at making is	impressions.
one kind of fish that one person might swallow whole is	goldfish.
one kind of fish that one person might swallow whole is	sardine.
one kind of fish that one person might swallow whole is	guppy.
one kind of fish that one person might swallow whole is	minnow.
one kind of fish that one person might swallow whole is	anchovy.
one food you lick off your fingers is	chicken.
one food you lick off your fingers is	sauce.
one food you lick off your fingers is	chocolate.
Q: other than your family members,from whom would you accept criticism? A:	friends.
Q: other than your family members,from whom would you accept criticism? A:	boss.
Q: other than your family members,from whom would you accept criticism? A:	teacher.
Q: other than your family members,from whom would you accept criticism? A:	doctor.
Q: other than your family members,from whom would you accept criticism? A:	partner.
Q: other than your family members,from whom would you accept criticism? A:	clergy.
other than an alarm, one do people use to wake them up is	cell phone.
other than an alarm, one do people use to wake them up is	radio.
other than an alarm, one do people use to wake them up is	rooster.
other than an alarm, one do people use to wake them up is	sun.
other than an alarm, one do people use to wake them up is	cat/dog.
other than a job one thing for which you fill out an application is	credit card.
other than a job one thing for which you fill out an application is	loan.
other than a job one thing for which you fill out an application is	school.
other than a job one thing for which you fill out an application is	housing rental.
other than a job one thing for which you fill out an application is	insurance.
other than fight, one does a pro wrestler do that a kid would get in trouble for copying is	bad language.
other than fight, one does a pro wrestler do that a kid would get in trouble for copying is	jump from things.
other than fight, one does a pro wrestler do that a kid would get in trouble for copying is	yell.
other than fight, one does a pro wrestler do that a kid would get in trouble for copying is	throw things.
other than boxing one sport in which youre likely to see athletes fighting is	hockey.
other than boxing one sport in which youre likely to see athletes fighting is	wrestling.
other than boxing one sport in which youre likely to see athletes fighting is	football.
other than matches, one thing people use to start a fire is	lighter.
other than matches, one thing people use to start a fire is	sticks.
other than matches, one thing people use to start a fire is	flint.
other than matches, one thing people use to start a fire is	lighter fluid.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life? A:	5.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life? A:	1.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life? A:	10.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life? A:	8.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life? A:	7.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life? A:	3.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life? A:	2.
other than money, one reason you would switch jobs is	location.
other than money, one reason you would switch jobs is	advancement.
other than money, one reason you would switch jobs is	benefits.
other than money, one reason you would switch jobs is	work environment.
other than money, one reason you would switch jobs is	boss.
other than money, one reason you would switch jobs is	bored.
other than money, one reason you would switch jobs is	hours.
other than a song one thing that gets stuck in your head is	movie lines.
other than a song one thing that gets stuck in your head is	phone number.
other than a song one thing that gets stuck in your head is	name.
other than a song one thing that gets stuck in your head is	joke.
other than a song one thing that gets stuck in your head is	dream.
other than a song one thing that gets stuck in your head is	memory.
of all the talk shows, one one has the funniest host is	jay leno.
of all the talk shows, one one has the funniest host is	jerry springer.
of all the talk shows, one one has the funniest host is	david letterman.
of all the talk shows, one one has the funniest host is	oprah winfrey.
of all the talk shows, one one has the funniest host is	wayne brady.
past or present, one rock n'roll superstar is	elvis presley.
past or present, one rock n'roll superstar is	mick jagger.
past or present, one rock n'roll superstar is	bruce springsteen.
past or present, one rock n'roll superstar is	jon bon jovi.
past or present, one rock n'roll superstar is	tommy lee.
past or present, one educational tv program for children is	sesame street.
past or present, one educational tv program for children is	mr rogers neighborhood.
past or present, one educational tv program for children is	barney.
past or present, one educational tv program for children is	dora the explorer.
past or present, one celebrity named "dean" is	martin.
past or present, one celebrity named "dean" is	james dean.
past or present, one celebrity named "dean" is	jones.
past or present, one celebrity named "dean" is	anderson.
past or present, one celebrity named "dean" is	cain.
past or present, one celebrity named "dean" is	howard dean.
past or present, one celebrity named "dean" is	jimmy dean.
real or fictional,  one person who married a prince is	princess diana.
real or fictional,  one person who married a prince is	cinderella.
real or fictional,  one person who married a prince is	grace kelly.
real or fictional,  one person who married a prince is	snow white.
real or fictional,  one person who married a prince is	sleeping beauty.
real or fictional, one famous family you'd like to see on family feud is	the simpsons.
real or fictional, one famous family you'd like to see on family feud is	the bush family.
real or fictional, one famous family you'd like to see on family feud is	the osbournes.
real or fictional, one famous family you'd like to see on family feud is	the addams family.
real or fictional, one famous family you'd like to see on family feud is	the jacksons.
real or fictional, one famous family you'd like to see on family feud is	the brady bunch.
real or not, one famous bo is	bo derek.
real or not, one famous bo is	bo jackson.
real or not, one famous bo is	beau bridges.
real or not, one famous bo is	bo duke/"hazzard".
real or not, one famous bo is	bo diddley.
Q: something women wear to be sexy that's really uncomfortable? A:	thong/g-string.
Q: something women wear to be sexy that's really uncomfortable? A:	high heels.
Q: something women wear to be sexy that's really uncomfortable? A:	bra.
Q: something women wear to be sexy that's really uncomfortable? A:	girdle.
Q: something women wear to be sexy that's really uncomfortable? A:	tight pants.
one thing that kids ride with ease, but an adult would be afraid to ride is	bicycle.
one thing that kids ride with ease, but an adult would be afraid to ride is	roller coaster.
one thing that kids ride with ease, but an adult would be afraid to ride is	skate board.
one thing that kids ride with ease, but an adult would be afraid to ride is	horse.
one thing that kids ride with ease, but an adult would be afraid to ride is	sled.
theyve cloned a sheep one creature they should never clone because we already have too many is	snake.
theyve cloned a sheep one creature they should never clone because we already have too many is	cat.
theyve cloned a sheep one creature they should never clone because we already have too many is	rat.
theyve cloned a sheep one creature they should never clone because we already have too many is	pigeon.
theyve cloned a sheep one creature they should never clone because we already have too many is	human.
theyve cloned a sheep one creature they should never clone because we already have too many is	dog.
theyve cloned a sheep one creature they should never clone because we already have too many is	deer.
one occupation in which it could be disastrous to fall asleep on the job is	truck driver.
one occupation in which it could be disastrous to fall asleep on the job is	pilot.
one occupation in which it could be disastrous to fall asleep on the job is	bus driver.
one thing about summer that you look forward to most is	swimming/ beach.
one thing about summer that you look forward to most is	warm weather.
one thing about summer that you look forward to most is	more sun.
one thing about summer that you look forward to most is	family vacation.
one part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without is	pedals.
one part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without is	seat.
one part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without is	wheels.
one part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without is	handlebars.
one part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without is	chain.
one part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without is	bell.
one part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without is	brakes.
the age a man might start losing his hair (numeric only) is	40.
the age a man might start losing his hair (numeric only) is	30.
the age a man might start losing his hair (numeric only) is	45.
the age a man might start losing his hair (numeric only) is	35.
the age a man might start losing his hair (numeric only) is	25.
the age a man might start losing his hair (numeric only) is	50.
the age a man might start losing his hair (numeric only) is	29.
one thing you try to avoid hitting while sledding down a hill is	tree.
one thing you try to avoid hitting while sledding down a hill is	rock.
one thing you try to avoid hitting while sledding down a hill is	bump.
one thing you try to avoid hitting while sledding down a hill is	people.
one thing you try to avoid hitting while sledding down a hill is	all/fence.
one thing you try to avoid hitting while sledding down a hill is	parked car.
one thing you might buy for the prom is	dress/tux.
one thing you might buy for the prom is	corsage.
one thing you might buy for the prom is	shoes.
one thing you might buy for the prom is	limo.
one thing a man teaches his son to do is	play ball.
one thing a man teaches his son to do is	fish/hunt.
one thing a man teaches his son to do is	shave.
one thing a man teaches his son to do is	drive.
one thing a man teaches his son to do is	ride a bike.
one thing a man teaches his son to do is	use a bathroom.
one thing a child might complain about on a road trip is	sitting too long.
one thing a child might complain about on a road trip is	need a bathroom.
one thing a child might complain about on a road trip is	hungry.
one thing a child might complain about on a road trip is	bored.
one thing a child might complain about on a road trip is	temperature.
how much a room at a cheap motel costs (use money format $000) is	$30.
how much a room at a cheap motel costs (use money format $000) is	$25.
how much a room at a cheap motel costs (use money format $000) is	$35.
how much a room at a cheap motel costs (use money format $000) is	$20.
how much a room at a cheap motel costs (use money format $000) is	$40.
how much a room at a cheap motel costs (use money format $000) is	$50.
how much a room at a cheap motel costs (use money format $000) is	$15.
one thing you've accidentally dropped in the toilet is	phone.
one thing you've accidentally dropped in the toilet is	jewelry/watch.
one thing you've accidentally dropped in the toilet is	toothbrush.
one thing you've accidentally dropped in the toilet is	comb/hairbrush.
one thing you've accidentally dropped in the toilet is	keys.
one thing you've accidentally dropped in the toilet is	glasses.
one thing you've accidentally dropped in the toilet is	money.
one thing that you hope is easier to do the second time around is	marriage.
one thing that you hope is easier to do the second time around is	having a baby.
one thing that you hope is easier to do the second time around is	cooking/recipe.
one thing that you hope is easier to do the second time around is	test.
one thing you would let your dog do, but not your child is	pee outside.
one thing you would let your dog do, but not your child is	lick.
one thing you would let your dog do, but not your child is	drink from toilet.
one thing you would let your dog do, but not your child is	eat scraps.
one thing you would let your dog do, but not your child is	run loose.
the age that a girl stops telling her parents everything (numeric only) is	13.
the age that a girl stops telling her parents everything (numeric only) is	16.
the age that a girl stops telling her parents everything (numeric only) is	12.
the age that a girl stops telling her parents everything (numeric only) is	15.
the age that a girl stops telling her parents everything (numeric only) is	14.
the age that a girl stops telling her parents everything (numeric only) is	18.
which of the 7 dwarfs would have the hardest time finding a date is	grumpy.
which of the 7 dwarfs would have the hardest time finding a date is	sleepy.
which of the 7 dwarfs would have the hardest time finding a date is	dopey.
which of the 7 dwarfs would have the hardest time finding a date is	bashful.
one thing you feel before you buy it is	fruit/vegetables.
one thing you feel before you buy it is	clothes.
one thing you feel before you buy it is	bread.
one thing you feel before you buy it is	pillow.
one thing you feel before you buy it is	linens.
one place people might go right after work on friday is	bar.
one place people might go right after work on friday is	home.
one place people might go right after work on friday is	restaurant.
one place people might go right after work on friday is	movie.
one creature that you'd hate to hear in your room at night is	rodent.
one creature that you'd hate to hear in your room at night is	cricket.
one creature that you'd hate to hear in your room at night is	snake.
one creature that you'd hate to hear in your room at night is	monster.
one creature that you'd hate to hear in your room at night is	fly.
one creature that you'd hate to hear in your room at night is	mosquito.
the first thing you do when you get in your car is	put seat belt on.
the first thing you do when you get in your car is	start car.
the first thing you do when you get in your car is	close car door.
the first thing you do when you get in your car is	keys in ignition.
the first thing you do when you get in your car is	lock doors.
the first thing you do when you get in your car is	fix mirrors.
the first thing you do when you get in your car is	sit down.
one activity that some people are told to do more of, and others are told to do less is	exercise.
one activity that some people are told to do more of, and others are told to do less is	eat.
one activity that some people are told to do more of, and others are told to do less is	talk.
one activity that some people are told to do more of, and others are told to do less is	work.
one activity that some people are told to do more of, and others are told to do less is	sleep.
one reason people get married is	in love.
one reason people get married is	pregnant.
one reason people get married is	stability.
one reason people get married is	green card.
one thing you hate to wear too short is	skirt/dress.
one thing you hate to wear too short is	pants.
one thing you hate to wear too short is	shorts.
one thing you hate to wear too short is	hair.
tell me an athlete that people  their pets after is	tiger woods.
tell me an athlete that people  their pets after is	michael jordan.
tell me an athlete that people  their pets after is	babe ruth.
tell me an athlete that people  their pets after is	kobe bryant.
tell me an athlete that people  their pets after is	brett favre.
one thing you wish would stop growing so you didn't have to deal with it is	hair.
one thing you wish would stop growing so you didn't have to deal with it is	nails.
one thing you see a doctor in a movie usually wearing is	stethoscope.
one thing you see a doctor in a movie usually wearing is	lab coat.
how much money a man expects to spend on a date is	$50.
how much money a man expects to spend on a date is	100.
the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van # is	6.
the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van # is	7.
one thing about "snow white" is	lived with 7 dwarfs.
one thing about "snow white" is	beautiful.
one thing about "snow white" is	ate poison apple.
one thing about "snow white" is	disney character.
one thing about "snow white" is	married a prince.
one thing that a person might lie about on a loan application is	income/job.
one thing that a person might lie about on a loan application is	credit history.
one thing that a person might lie about on a loan application is	age.
one thing that a person might lie about on a loan application is	criminal record.
one thing you know about ed mcmahon is	losing home.
one thing you know about ed mcmahon is	publisher.
one thing you know about ed mcmahon is	carson's side.
one thing you know about ed mcmahon is	star search.
one thing you know about ed mcmahon is	funny.
one special request people make when booking an airline flight is	window seat.
one special request people make when booking an airline flight is	aisle seat.
one special request people make when booking an airline flight is	first class.
one special request people make when booking an airline flight is	meal.
one special request people make when booking an airline flight is	bulkhead seat.
one bad habit that's difficult to break is	smoking.
one bad habit that's difficult to break is	nail biting.
one bad habit that's difficult to break is	drinking alcohol.
one bad habit that's difficult to break is	gambling.
one thing you hate to admit you did on a saturday night is	stayed home.
one thing you hate to admit you did on a saturday night is	got drunk.
one thing you hate to admit you did on a saturday night is	had a fling.
one thing you hate to admit you did on a saturday night is	gambled/lost $.
one thing you would not like to see getting on a plane is	flames.
one thing you would not like to see getting on a plane is	drunk pilot.
one thing you would not like to see getting on a plane is	bomb.
one thing you would not like to see getting on a plane is	terrorists.
one thing you would not like to see getting on a plane is	guns.
one thing you would not like to see getting on a plane is	crying baby.
one thing parents blame for their kids' bad behavior is	tv/movie video.
one thing parents blame for their kids' bad behavior is	friends.
one thing parents blame for their kids' bad behavior is	school/daycare.
one thing parents blame for their kids' bad behavior is	other parents.
one thing parents blame for their kids' bad behavior is	not feeling well.
one thing parents blame for their kids' bad behavior is	music/music video.
one reason one person might move to another state is	job.
one reason one person might move to another state is	close to family.
one reason one person might move to another state is	climate.
one reason one person might move to another state is	cheaper homes.
one reason one person might move to another state is	lower taxes.
one occupation where you have to touch your customers is	doctor/dentist.
one occupation where you have to touch your customers is	hairdress./barber.
one occupation where you have to touch your customers is	masseuse.
one occupation where you have to touch your customers is	nurse.
one occupation where you have to touch your customers is	tailor/clothing.
one occupation where you have to touch your customers is	manicurist.
one thing you hate about roommates is	being loud.
one thing you hate about roommates is	messy.
one thing you hate about roommates is	snoring.
one thing you hate about roommates is	talkative.
one thing you hate about roommates is	throws parties.
one thing you might do if you're feeling blue is	cry.
one thing you might do if you're feeling blue is	sleep.
one thing you might do if you're feeling blue is	eat.
one thing you might do if you're feeling blue is	listen to music.
one thing you might do if you're feeling blue is	call a friend.
one good job for one person who likes to take care of people is	nurse.
one good job for one person who likes to take care of people is	doctor.
one place in the us that people go to follow their dreams is	new york.
one place in the us that people go to follow their dreams is	los angeles.
one place in the us that people go to follow their dreams is	las vegas.
one place in the us that people go to follow their dreams is	chicago.
one thing that gets buried is	person/coffin.
one thing that gets buried is	treasure.
one thing that gets buried is	pet.
one thing that gets buried is	plants/roots.
one thing that gets buried is	dog bones.
one thing that gets buried is	hatchet/conflict.
one thing that gets buried is	time capsule.
one word you would use when describing abraham lincoln is	tall.
one word you would use when describing abraham lincoln is	honest.
one word you would use when describing abraham lincoln is	president.
one word you would use when describing abraham lincoln is	emancipator.
one word you would use when describing abraham lincoln is	money.
one word you would use when describing abraham lincoln is	beard.
one thing you might see in a small town diner is	jukebox.
one thing you might see in a small town diner is	wait staff.
one thing you might see in a small town diner is	pies.
one thing you might see in a small town diner is	stools.
the number one food item in the world is a fruit one one is it is	apple.
the number one food item in the world is a fruit one one is it is	banana.
the number one food item in the world is a fruit one one is it is	tomato.
the number one food item in the world is a fruit one one is it is	orange.
the number one food item in the world is a fruit one one is it is	strawberry.
the number one food item in the world is a fruit one one is it is	watermelon.
one person who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself is	spouse.
one person who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself is	friend.
one person who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself is	children.
one person who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself is	mother.
one person who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself is	worst enemy.
one person who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself is	brother.
one person who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself is	boss.
one person who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself is	in-laws.
tell me a famous person d jackie is	kennedy o..
tell me a famous person d jackie is	robinson.
tell me a famous person d jackie is	chan.
tell me a famous person d jackie is	wilson.
tell me a famous person d jackie is	gleason.
tell me a famous person d jackie is	joyner-kersee.
one thing you might do to prepare for your first day of school is	haircut.
one thing you might do to prepare for your first day of school is	pick an outfit.
one thing you might do to prepare for your first day of school is	pack backpack.
one thing you might do to prepare for your first day of school is	sleep.
one announcement you made that startled your parents is	pregnant.
one announcement you made that startled your parents is	engaged/eloped.
one announcement you made that startled your parents is	quit school/univ..
one announcement you made that startled your parents is	moving away.
one announcement you made that startled your parents is	joined military.
one announcement you made that startled your parents is	i'm gay.
one kind of shoe you would never wear to a formal wedding is	sneakers.
one kind of shoe you would never wear to a formal wedding is	sandals.
one kind of shoe you would never wear to a formal wedding is	gym shoes.
one kind of shoe you would never wear to a formal wedding is	flip flops.
one kind of shoe you would never wear to a formal wedding is	high tops.
one kind of shoe you would never wear to a formal wedding is	combat boots.
one thing you buy on valentine's day is	candy.
one thing you buy on valentine's day is	flower.
one thing you buy on valentine's day is	cards.
one thing you buy on valentine's day is	stuffed animals.
one thing you can never find when you need it is	keys.
one thing you can never find when you need it is	remote control.
one thing you can never find when you need it is	pen.
one thing you can never find when you need it is	police officer.
one thing you can never find when you need it is	flashlight.
one thing that people run out and buy after a natural disaster is	water.
one thing that people run out and buy after a natural disaster is	food.
one thing that people run out and buy after a natural disaster is	flashlight.
one thing that people run out and buy after a natural disaster is	batteries.
one thing that people run out and buy after a natural disaster is	insurance.
one thing that people run out and buy after a natural disaster is	clothes/shoes.
one way in which your office is kinda of like a "soap opera" is	gossip.
one way in which your office is kinda of like a "soap opera" is	affairs.
one way in which your office is kinda of like a "soap opera" is	fighting.
one thing a lot of your friends have trouble keeping is	secrets.
one thing a lot of your friends have trouble keeping is	money.
one thing a lot of your friends have trouble keeping is	spouse.
one thing a lot of your friends have trouble keeping is	promises.
one thing a lot of your friends have trouble keeping is	job.
one thing a lot of your friends have trouble keeping is	track of time.
one thing the human body had lots of is	hair.
one thing the human body had lots of is	blood.
one thing the human body had lots of is	bones.
one thing the human body had lots of is	cells.
one thing the human body had lots of is	water.
one person you might spend valentines day with when you are not in a relationship is	friends.
one person you might spend valentines day with when you are not in a relationship is	parents.
one person you might spend valentines day with when you are not in a relationship is	children.
one person you might spend valentines day with when you are not in a relationship is	pet.
one thing a little boy might do to a little girl if he likes her is	kiss her.
one thing a little boy might do to a little girl if he likes her is	hit her.
one thing a little boy might do to a little girl if he likes her is	tease her.
they say money isn't everything one thing that's definitely worth more to you than cash is	family.
they say money isn't everything one thing that's definitely worth more to you than cash is	love.
they say money isn't everything one thing that's definitely worth more to you than cash is	health.
they say money isn't everything one thing that's definitely worth more to you than cash is	faith/religion.
they say money isn't everything one thing that's definitely worth more to you than cash is	jewelry.
they say money isn't everything one thing that's definitely worth more to you than cash is	friends.
one pet that requires very little maintenance is	fish.
one pet that requires very little maintenance is	cats.
one pet that requires very little maintenance is	birds.
one pet that requires very little maintenance is	turtle.
one pet that requires very little maintenance is	hamster.
one pet that requires very little maintenance is	snake.
one thing you might receive in a gift basket is	fruit.
one thing you might receive in a gift basket is	candy.
one thing you might receive in a gift basket is	lotion.
one thing you might receive in a gift basket is	soap.
the politician who wins the election is usually the person with the most one is	votes.
the politician who wins the election is usually the person with the most one is	money.
the politician who wins the election is usually the person with the most one is	charisma.
one thing you might rent for an hour is	movie/video.
one thing you might rent for an hour is	carpet cleaner.
one thing you might rent for an hour is	car/truck.
one thing you might rent for an hour is	tools.
one thing you might rent for an hour is	hotel room.
one thing you might rent for an hour is	boat.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained is	three.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained is	two.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained is	four.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained is	one.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained is	five.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained is	six.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained is	eight.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained is	nine.
the worst place to celebrate valentine's day is	jail.
the worst place to celebrate valentine's day is	at home.
the worst place to celebrate valentine's day is	at work.
the worst place to celebrate valentine's day is	hospital.
the worst place to celebrate valentine's day is	bars.
one do people wear to work now that would have been considered too informal 50 years ago is	jeans.
one do people wear to work now that would have been considered too informal 50 years ago is	flip flops.
one do people wear to work now that would have been considered too informal 50 years ago is	shorts.
one do people wear to work now that would have been considered too informal 50 years ago is	mini skirt.
one do people wear to work now that would have been considered too informal 50 years ago is	tennis shoes.
one do people wear to work now that would have been considered too informal 50 years ago is	t shirt.
one might a hitchhiker take with him in order to seem less dangerous is	child.
one might a hitchhiker take with him in order to seem less dangerous is	puppy.
one might a hitchhiker take with him in order to seem less dangerous is	teddy bear.
one might a hitchhiker take with him in order to seem less dangerous is	woman.
one might a hitchhiker take with him in order to seem less dangerous is	id.
Q: where do many people go to get advice on love? A:	friends.
Q: where do many people go to get advice on love? A:	parents.
Q: where do many people go to get advice on love? A:	therapist.
Q: where do many people go to get advice on love? A:	pastor.
Q: where do many people go to get advice on love? A:	psychic.
Q: where do many people go to get advice on love? A:	internet.
one can you consult for directions when you're lost is	map.
one can you consult for directions when you're lost is	gps.
one can you consult for directions when you're lost is	gas station attendant.
one can you consult for directions when you're lost is	police.
one can you consult for directions when you're lost is	compass.
one would a pirate need to do in order to look presentable for a job interview is	shave.
one would a pirate need to do in order to look presentable for a job interview is	remove eye patch.
one would a pirate need to do in order to look presentable for a job interview is	cut hair.
one would a pirate need to do in order to look presentable for a job interview is	change clothes.
one would a pirate need to do in order to look presentable for a job interview is	shower.
one would a pirate need to do in order to look presentable for a job interview is	leave parrot home.
one do you do when one person says hi, but you're sure you've never met them is	say hi back.
one do you do when one person says hi, but you're sure you've never met them is	just smile.
one do you do when one person says hi, but you're sure you've never met them is	ignore them.
one do you do when one person says hi, but you're sure you've never met them is	ask who they are.
which of santas reindeer have s that sound like nicks for a ladys man is	prancer.
which of santas reindeer have s that sound like nicks for a ladys man is	dasher.
which of santas reindeer have s that sound like nicks for a ladys man is	cupid.
which of santas reindeer have s that sound like nicks for a ladys man is	vixen.
which of santas reindeer have s that sound like nicks for a ladys man is	dancer.
which of santas reindeer have s that sound like nicks for a ladys man is	blitzen.
one magic trick would become dangerous if the magician was a phony is	person cut in half.
one magic trick would become dangerous if the magician was a phony is	sword swallow.
one magic trick would become dangerous if the magician was a phony is	disappearing act.
one magic trick would become dangerous if the magician was a phony is	knife throwing.
Q: why might a doortodoor salesperson skip a particular house? A:	barking dog.
Q: why might a doortodoor salesperson skip a particular house? A:	no one's home.
Q: why might a doortodoor salesperson skip a particular house? A:	no soliciting sign.
Q: why might a doortodoor salesperson skip a particular house? A:	run down house.
one are 2 brothers most likely to fight over is	girls.
one are 2 brothers most likely to fight over is	toys.
one are 2 brothers most likely to fight over is	clothes.
one are 2 brothers most likely to fight over is	tv.
one movie should only be watched on a giant screen is	lord of the rings.
one movie should only be watched on a giant screen is	star wars.
one movie should only be watched on a giant screen is	titanic.
one movie should only be watched on a giant screen is	jaws.
one movie should only be watched on a giant screen is	king kong.
one movie should only be watched on a giant screen is	jurassic park.
one movie should only be watched on a giant screen is	the matrix.
one class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a is	art.
one class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a is	english.
one class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a is	gym.
one class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a is	music.
one class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a is	psychology.
one class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a is	cooking.
one class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a is	drama.
when meeting a blind date, one accessory you might wear so they know it's you is	hat.
when meeting a blind date, one accessory you might wear so they know it's you is	jewelry.
when meeting a blind date, one accessory you might wear so they know it's you is	flower.
when meeting a blind date, one accessory you might wear so they know it's you is	nametag.
one do you do if you're eating at a friend's house, and don't like the food is	eat it anyway.
one do you do if you're eating at a friend's house, and don't like the food is	pretend to eat it.
one do you do if you're eating at a friend's house, and don't like the food is	excuse yourself.
one do you do if you're eating at a friend's house, and don't like the food is	say "not hungry".
one do you do if you're eating at a friend's house, and don't like the food is	be honest.
which man's  are you likely to hear in mafia movie is	tony.
which man's  are you likely to hear in mafia movie is	don.
which man's  are you likely to hear in mafia movie is	joey.
which man's  are you likely to hear in mafia movie is	frank.
which man's  are you likely to hear in mafia movie is	scarface.
which man's  are you likely to hear in mafia movie is	al.
which man's  are you likely to hear in mafia movie is	vinny.
one activity don't you start doing until the water gets warm is	bathing.
one activity don't you start doing until the water gets warm is	swimming.
one activity don't you start doing until the water gets warm is	cooking.
one activity don't you start doing until the water gets warm is	dishes.
one would you hate to have happen when driving home in a brand new car is	accident.
one would you hate to have happen when driving home in a brand new car is	break down.
one would you hate to have happen when driving home in a brand new car is	flat tire.
one would you hate to have happen when driving home in a brand new car is	rain.
one would you hate to have happen when driving home in a brand new car is	run out of gas.
one item of clothing will you wear more than once before washing it is	jeans.
one item of clothing will you wear more than once before washing it is	shirt.
one item of clothing will you wear more than once before washing it is	coat.
one item of clothing will you wear more than once before washing it is	bra.
one item of clothing will you wear more than once before washing it is	socks.
onespecifically might one person do when they walk into their surprise party is	scream.
onespecifically might one person do when they walk into their surprise party is	cry.
onespecifically might one person do when they walk into their surprise party is	jump.
onespecifically might one person do when they walk into their surprise party is	smile.
onespecifically might one person do when they walk into their surprise party is	faint.
onespecifically might one person do when they walk into their surprise party is	laugh.
onespecifically might one person do when they walk into their surprise party is	gasp.
one do parents instruct their children to do while riding in the car is	be quiet.
one do parents instruct their children to do while riding in the car is	buckle up.
one do parents instruct their children to do while riding in the car is	sit down.
one do parents instruct their children to do while riding in the car is	keep still.
one must a town have to make it a popular winter destination is	snow.
one must a town have to make it a popular winter destination is	skiing.
one must a town have to make it a popular winter destination is	resorts.
one must a town have to make it a popular winter destination is	mountains.
Q: where specifically would you most hate to find ants? A:	kitchen.
Q: where specifically would you most hate to find ants? A:	bed.
Q: where specifically would you most hate to find ants? A:	pants.
Q: where specifically would you most hate to find ants? A:	picnic.
one reason would most people give for why they drink coffee is	stay awake.
one reason would most people give for why they drink coffee is	like the taste.
one reason would most people give for why they drink coffee is	energy.
one reason would most people give for why they drink coffee is	addicted.
one might a financial expert tell you to put your money into is	stocks.
one might a financial expert tell you to put your money into is	savings account.
one might a financial expert tell you to put your money into is	cd.
one might a financial expert tell you to put your money into is	bonds.
one might a financial expert tell you to put your money into is	ira.
one might a financial expert tell you to put your money into is	401k.
one foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack is	chips.
one foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack is	cookies.
one foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack is	ice cream.
one foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack is	pizza.
one foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack is	sandwich.
one foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack is	cereal.
one foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack is	popcorn.
one's the first symptom you get when starting a cold is	runny nose.
one's the first symptom you get when starting a cold is	cough.
one's the first symptom you get when starting a cold is	sneeze.
one's the first symptom you get when starting a cold is	sore throat.
one's the first symptom you get when starting a cold is	fever.
one's the first symptom you get when starting a cold is	drowsiness.
when you've had a bad day, one thing you're told to do to make you feel better is	lay down.
when you've had a bad day, one thing you're told to do to make you feel better is	drink.
when you've had a bad day, one thing you're told to do to make you feel better is	smile.
when you've had a bad day, one thing you're told to do to make you feel better is	eat.
when you've had a bad day, one thing you're told to do to make you feel better is	cry.
when you've had a bad day, one thing you're told to do to make you feel better is	talk about it.
Q: whose car would a thief be unlikely to steal? A:	police officer.
Q: whose car would a thief be unlikely to steal? A:	president's.
Q: whose car would a thief be unlikely to steal? A:	his parent's.
Q: whose car would a thief be unlikely to steal? A:	cab driver's.
one kind of athlete would have an unfair advantage in a roller derby is	ice/speed skater.
one kind of athlete would have an unfair advantage in a roller derby is	football player.
one kind of athlete would have an unfair advantage in a roller derby is	hockey player.
one kind of athlete would have an unfair advantage in a roller derby is	runner.
one part of a newspaper would a teenager likely read first is	comics.
one part of a newspaper would a teenager likely read first is	sports.
one part of a newspaper would a teenager likely read first is	horoscope.
one part of a newspaper would a teenager likely read first is	entertainment.
one question do you think is asked the most at a high school reunion is	what do you do.
one question do you think is asked the most at a high school reunion is	how are you.
one question do you think is asked the most at a high school reunion is	kids.
one question do you think is asked the most at a high school reunion is	married yet.
one question do you think is asked the most at a high school reunion is	whoare you.
one question do you think is asked the most at a high school reunion is	where do you live.
one word would you use to describe a very attractive person is	hot.
one word would you use to describe a very attractive person is	beautiful.
one word would you use to describe a very attractive person is	sexy.
one word would you use to describe a very attractive person is	pretty.
one word would you use to describe a very attractive person is	gorgeous.
one word would you use to describe a very attractive person is	handsome.
one word would you use to describe a very attractive person is	cute.
one might an overboard soccer mom do at a game that causes her to be thrown out is	scream.
one might an overboard soccer mom do at a game that causes her to be thrown out is	get into fight.
one might an overboard soccer mom do at a game that causes her to be thrown out is	argue with ref.
one might an overboard soccer mom do at a game that causes her to be thrown out is	swear.
one might an overboard soccer mom do at a game that causes her to be thrown out is	insult players.
one might an overboard soccer mom do at a game that causes her to be thrown out is	bother coach.
one might you do to avoid being approached by a pushy salesperson at a car lot is	walk away.
one might you do to avoid being approached by a pushy salesperson at a car lot is	leave store.
one might you do to avoid being approached by a pushy salesperson at a car lot is	no eye contact.
one might you do to avoid being approached by a pushy salesperson at a car lot is	use cell phone.
one might you do to avoid being approached by a pushy salesperson at a car lot is	hide.
one might you do to avoid being approached by a pushy salesperson at a car lot is	ask to be alone.
one profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work is	doctor.
one profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work is	police.
one profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work is	teacher.
one profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work is	lawyer.
one profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work is	accountant.
one profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work is	librarian.
one profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work is	clergy.
Q: who might you pool money with to buy lottery tickets? A:	friend.
Q: who might you pool money with to buy lottery tickets? A:	relative.
Q: who might you pool money with to buy lottery tickets? A:	partner.
Q: who might you pool money with to buy lottery tickets? A:	co workers.
one is the first thing people do if they encounter a bear in the woods is	run away.
one is the first thing people do if they encounter a bear in the woods is	scream.
one is the first thing people do if they encounter a bear in the woods is	freeze.
one is the first thing people do if they encounter a bear in the woods is	hide.
one is the first thing people do if they encounter a bear in the woods is	shoot it.
one might a poker player do to make bluffing easier is	wear sunglasses.
one might a poker player do to make bluffing easier is	kepp a straight face.
one might a poker player do to make bluffing easier is	drink.
one might a poker player do to make bluffing easier is	look away.
one country would you want to become the 51st american state is	canada.
one country would you want to become the 51st american state is	mexico.
one country would you want to become the 51st american state is	puerto rico.
one country would you want to become the 51st american state is	england.
one country would you want to become the 51st american state is	australia.
one country would you want to become the 51st american state is	france.
one country would you want to become the 51st american state is	italy.
one complaints do people make about the christmas holiday is	expense.
one complaints do people make about the christmas holiday is	nosey/pesky relatives.
one complaints do people make about the christmas holiday is	traffic/traveling.
one complaints do people make about the christmas holiday is	crowds.
one complaints do people make about the christmas holiday is	holiday food.
Q: where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet? A:	library.
Q: where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet? A:	bedroom.
Q: where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet? A:	bathroom.
Q: where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet? A:	park.
Q: where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet? A:	church.
Q: where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet? A:	beach.
Q: where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet? A:	spa.
one part of his santa costume would a mall santa be humiliated to lose while working is	beard.
one part of his santa costume would a mall santa be humiliated to lose while working is	pants.
one part of his santa costume would a mall santa be humiliated to lose while working is	wig.
one part of his santa costume would a mall santa be humiliated to lose while working is	hat.
one might you see out your airplane window is	sky/clouds.
one might you see out your airplane window is	birds.
one might you see out your airplane window is	body of water.
one might you see out your airplane window is	land.
one might you see out your airplane window is	wings.
one might you see out your airplane window is	another plane.
one do teenagers do with their families at the christmas holiday that they probably would be embarassed to have known is	sing carols.
one do teenagers do with their families at the christmas holiday that they probably would be embarassed to have known is	show affection.
one do teenagers do with their families at the christmas holiday that they probably would be embarassed to have known is	dance.
one do teenagers do with their families at the christmas holiday that they probably would be embarassed to have known is	play family games.
one do teenagers do with their families at the christmas holiday that they probably would be embarassed to have known is	pose for pictures.
one do bosses let slide on fridays is	dress code.
one do bosses let slide on fridays is	leaving early.
one do bosses let slide on fridays is	being late.
one do bosses let slide on fridays is	workload.
Q: why might one person prefer online dating over meeting in a bar? A:	they're shy.
Q: why might one person prefer online dating over meeting in a bar? A:	not just about looks.
Q: why might one person prefer online dating over meeting in a bar? A:	it's safer.
Q: why might one person prefer online dating over meeting in a bar? A:	convenience.
Q: why might one person prefer online dating over meeting in a bar? A:	people are sober.
one might you see in a personals ad that would make you think it was placed by superman is	can fly.
one might you see in a personals ad that would make you think it was placed by superman is	wears cape.
one might you see in a personals ad that would make you think it was placed by superman is	no kryptonite.
one might you see in a personals ad that would make you think it was placed by superman is	has xray vision.
one might you see in a personals ad that would make you think it was placed by superman is	strong.
one might you see in a personals ad that would make you think it was placed by superman is	hero.
while looking for a new home, one would you be surprised to find that a house didn't have is	bathroom.
while looking for a new home, one would you be surprised to find that a house didn't have is	kitchen.
while looking for a new home, one would you be surprised to find that a house didn't have is	roof.
while looking for a new home, one would you be surprised to find that a house didn't have is	garage.
while looking for a new home, one would you be surprised to find that a house didn't have is	doors.
while looking for a new home, one would you be surprised to find that a house didn't have is	basement.
one are some reasons that a racecar driver might lose a race is	crash.
one are some reasons that a racecar driver might lose a race is	flat tire.
one are some reasons that a racecar driver might lose a race is	drives slow.
one are some reasons that a racecar driver might lose a race is	ran out of gas.
Q: who makes the best burgers? A:	mcdonald's.
Q: who makes the best burgers? A:	burger king.
Q: who makes the best burgers? A:	wendy's.
Q: who makes the best burgers? A:	in-n-out.
Q: who makes the best burgers? A:	sonic.
Q: who makes the best burgers? A:	mom.
Q: who makes the best burgers? A:	checkers.
Q: who makes the best burgers? A:	dairy queen.
one clubs would you imagine bill gates was a member of in high school is	computer.
one clubs would you imagine bill gates was a member of in high school is	chess.
one clubs would you imagine bill gates was a member of in high school is	math.
one breed of dog is the supermodel of dogs is	poodle.
one breed of dog is the supermodel of dogs is	german shephard.
one breed of dog is the supermodel of dogs is	great dane.
one breed of dog is the supermodel of dogs is	greyhound.
one breed of dog is the supermodel of dogs is	labrador retriever.
one breed of dog is the supermodel of dogs is	golden retriever.
when you're at a restaurant, one thing you do not want to see your waiter do is	send us your answers!.
when you're at a restaurant, one thing you do not want to see your waiter do is	picking their nose.
one do people do while while watching a sports game is	eat snacks.
one do people do while while watching a sports game is	cheer.
one do people do while while watching a sports game is	drink.
we surveyed 100 mengive me the  of a famous female sex symbol is	marilyn monroe.
we surveyed 100 mengive me the  of a famous female sex symbol is	pamela anderson.
we surveyed 100 mengive me the  of a famous female sex symbol is	angelina jolie.
we surveyed 100 mengive me the  of a famous female sex symbol is	sophia loren.
we surveyed 100 mengive me the  of a famous female sex symbol is	cindy crawford.
one might a bankrobber do in order to make an escape is	run.
one might a bankrobber do in order to make an escape is	drive car.
Q: who is the celebrity you would most hate to sit next to on a long flight? A:	roseanne barr.
Q: who is the celebrity you would most hate to sit next to on a long flight? A:	jim carrey.
one cartoon character would you most want to hang out with is	bugs bunny.
one cartoon character would you most want to hang out with is	scooby-doo.
one cartoon character would you most want to hang out with is	mickey mouse.
one cartoon character would you most want to hang out with is	bars simpson.
one occupation in america deserves to earn the most money is	teacher.
one occupation in america deserves to earn the most money is	doctor.
one occupation in america deserves to earn the most money is	police officer.
one occupation in america deserves to earn the most money is	military.
one occupation in america deserves to earn the most money is	firefighter.
one occupation in america deserves to earn the most money is	mother.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing your husband does every weekend is	watch tv/sports.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing your husband does every weekend is	play sports/fish.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing your husband does every weekend is	sleep/lounge.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing your husband does every weekend is	do yard work.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing your husband does every weekend is	drink.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing your husband does every weekend is	housework/laundry.
Q: when a couple decides to cancel their wedding, who gets the first call? A:	the parents.
Q: when a couple decides to cancel their wedding, who gets the first call? A:	preacher/church.
Q: when a couple decides to cancel their wedding, who gets the first call? A:	the caterer.
Q: when a couple decides to cancel their wedding, who gets the first call? A:	wedding planner.
Q: when a couple decides to cancel their wedding, who gets the first call? A:	the bridal party.
one would be the worst thing to have stolen from you is	money/wallet.
one would be the worst thing to have stolen from you is	car.
one would be the worst thing to have stolen from you is	family/spouse.
one would be the worst thing to have stolen from you is	identity.
one would be the worst thing to have stolen from you is	jewelry.
one would be the worst thing to have stolen from you is	dignity/integrity.
one would be the worst thing to have stolen from you is	your life.
one part of the body can be used as a weapon is	hand.
one part of the body can be used as a weapon is	arms.
one school subject do you think is most useful in real life is	math.
one school subject do you think is most useful in real life is	english.
one school subject do you think is most useful in real life is	reading.
one school subject do you think is most useful in real life is	history.
one school subject do you think is most useful in real life is	science.
Q: who's got the biggest ego in america? A:	president bush.
Q: who's got the biggest ego in america? A:	donald trump.
Q: who's got the biggest ego in america? A:	tom cruise.
Q: who's got the biggest ego in america? A:	bill clinton.
Q: who's got the biggest ego in america? A:	simon cowell.
Q: who's got the biggest ego in america? A:	paris hilton.
when money is tight, one thing families postpone doing is	vacation.
when money is tight, one thing families postpone doing is	movie.
when money is tight, one thing families postpone doing is	shopping.
when money is tight, one thing families postpone doing is	eating out.
when money is tight, one thing families postpone doing is	remodeling.
when money is tight, one thing families postpone doing is	paying bills.
one do most women expect most men to be really bad at is	cooking.
one do most women expect most men to be really bad at is	housework/ironing.
one do most women expect most men to be really bad at is	making love.
one do most women expect most men to be really bad at is	decorating.
one do most women expect most men to be really bad at is	driving/directions.
one do most women expect most men to be really bad at is	shopping.
one do most women expect most men to be really bad at is	child bearing.
one do most women expect most men to be really bad at is	dressing well.
one would you hope doesn't break down just before you host a big party is	stereo.
one would you hope doesn't break down just before you host a big party is	fridge.
one would you hope doesn't break down just before you host a big party is	oven.
one would you hope doesn't break down just before you host a big party is	power.
one would you hope doesn't break down just before you host a big party is	bbq.
Q: where do you think a kid might think a monster could be hiding? A:	under the bed.
Q: where do you think a kid might think a monster could be hiding? A:	closets.
Q: where do you think a kid might think a monster could be hiding? A:	basements.
one do you like best about sundays is	church.
one do you like best about sundays is	sleeping.
one do you like best about sundays is	watching tv.
one do you like best about sundays is	family time.
one do you like best about sundays is	no work.
one kind of movies do you rent most is	comedy.
one kind of movies do you rent most is	horror.
one kind of movies do you rent most is	action/adventure.
one kind of movies do you rent most is	drama.
one kind of movies do you rent most is	romance.
one kind of movies do you rent most is	mystery/thriller.
we surveyed 100 menone thing of yours that's dirty is	my clothes/shoes.
we surveyed 100 menone thing of yours that's dirty is	my car.
we surveyed 100 menone thing of yours that's dirty is	my floor/room.
we surveyed 100 menone thing of yours that's dirty is	my body.
we surveyed 100 menone thing of yours that's dirty is	my dishes.
we surveyed 100 menone thing of yours that's dirty is	my mind.
one does a lazy person spend most of their time doing at work is	surfing the net.
one does a lazy person spend most of their time doing at work is	talking.
one does a lazy person spend most of their time doing at work is	avoiding work.
one does a lazy person spend most of their time doing at work is	sitting.
one does a lazy person spend most of their time doing at work is	sleeping.
one does a lazy person spend most of their time doing at work is	playing games.
one can you have layers of is	clothing.
one can you have layers of is	skin.
one can you have layers of is	cake.
one can you have layers of is	fat.
one can you have layers of is	hair.
one can you have layers of is	blakets.
one might the kids be doing in the backseat to make mom say she's turning the car around is	fighting.
one might the kids be doing in the backseat to make mom say she's turning the car around is	crying.
one might the kids be doing in the backseat to make mom say she's turning the car around is	complaining.
one might the kids be doing in the backseat to make mom say she's turning the car around is	kicking seat.
one one thing about a vacation costs the most money is	lodging.
one one thing about a vacation costs the most money is	airfare.
one one thing about a vacation costs the most money is	food.
one one thing about a vacation costs the most money is	gas.
one job might a mom be asking of her husband when she passes the baby and says "your turn" is	change diaper.
one job might a mom be asking of her husband when she passes the baby and says "your turn" is	feed baby.
one job might a mom be asking of her husband when she passes the baby and says "your turn" is	put baby to bed.
one airline employee probably has the most exciting work stories is	pilot.
one airline employee probably has the most exciting work stories is	flight attendant.
one airline employee probably has the most exciting work stories is	baggage checker.
one airline employee probably has the most exciting work stories is	traffic controller.
one might your cell phone say to you if it could talk is	get off me.
one might your cell phone say to you if it could talk is	charge me.
one might your cell phone say to you if it could talk is	hello.
one might your cell phone say to you if it could talk is	answer me.
one might your cell phone say to you if it could talk is	stop texting.
one might your cell phone say to you if it could talk is	shut up.
Q: when toddlers feed themselves, where does most of the food go? A:	on the floor.
Q: when toddlers feed themselves, where does most of the food go? A:	clothes/bibs.
Q: when toddlers feed themselves, where does most of the food go? A:	on their faces.
Q: when toddlers feed themselves, where does most of the food go? A:	on laps/bodies.
Q: when toddlers feed themselves, where does most of the food go? A:	high chair/tray.
Q: when toddlers feed themselves, where does most of the food go? A:	in their hair.
one do people dislike the most about riding the bus is	crowded.
one do people dislike the most about riding the bus is	time spent.
one do people dislike the most about riding the bus is	smell.
one do people dislike the most about riding the bus is	waiting.
one do people dislike the most about riding the bus is	emissions.
one do people dislike the most about riding the bus is	noise.
one would you do if you found a lost wallet at a store is	return it.
one would you do if you found a lost wallet at a store is	keep it.
when you're on a plane flight, one thing you worry the pilot is doing in the cockpit is	sleeping.
when you're on a plane flight, one thing you worry the pilot is doing in the cockpit is	drinking.
when you're on a plane flight, one thing you worry the pilot is doing in the cockpit is	daydreaming.
when you're on a plane flight, one thing you worry the pilot is doing in the cockpit is	reading.
when you're on a plane flight, one thing you worry the pilot is doing in the cockpit is	smoking.
one's the best way for a woman to defend herself from a mugger is	mace/pepper spray.
one's the best way for a woman to defend herself from a mugger is	hit/kick him.
one's the best way for a woman to defend herself from a mugger is	yell/scream.
one's the best way for a woman to defend herself from a mugger is	gun.
one excuse do people use when they do not return phone calls is	busy.
one excuse do people use when they do not return phone calls is	didn't get message.
one excuse do people use when they do not return phone calls is	forgot.
one excuse do people use when they do not return phone calls is	turned off.
one excuse do people use when they do not return phone calls is	late.
one excuse do people use when they do not return phone calls is	asleep.
Q: we surveyed 100 mentell me one household duty you just refuse to perform? A:	wash dishes.
Q: we surveyed 100 mentell me one household duty you just refuse to perform? A:	clean bathroom.
Q: we surveyed 100 mentell me one household duty you just refuse to perform? A:	do laundry.
Q: we surveyed 100 mentell me one household duty you just refuse to perform? A:	mop/scrub floor.
Q: we surveyed 100 mentell me one household duty you just refuse to perform? A:	take out garbage.
one is hell to you is	hot.
one is hell to you is	fire.
one is hell to you is	work.
one is hell to you is	the devil.
one is hell to you is	bad.
one's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm is	coffee maker.
one's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm is	birds.
one's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm is	children.
one's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm is	radio.
one's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm is	tv.
one's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm is	shower.
one's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm is	toilet.
one's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm is	spouse.
one's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm is	traffic.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you bought because it was guaranteed to turn a man on is	lingerie/nightie.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you bought because it was guaranteed to turn a man on is	perfume/cologne.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you bought because it was guaranteed to turn a man on is	sexy dress.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you bought because it was guaranteed to turn a man on is	sexy high heels.
when kids ask where babies come from one answer that parents give is	the stork.
when kids ask where babies come from one answer that parents give is	heaven.
when kids ask where babies come from one answer that parents give is	a cabbage patch.
when kids ask where babies come from one answer that parents give is	mom's tummy.
when kids ask where babies come from one answer that parents give is	the hospital.
when kids ask where babies come from one answer that parents give is	santa claus.
Q: who do you think is the most envied woman in the world? A:	angelina jolie.
Q: who do you think is the most envied woman in the world? A:	oprah winfrey.
Q: who do you think is the most envied woman in the world? A:	michelle obama.
Q: who do you think is the most envied woman in the world? A:	paris hilton.
Q: who do you think is the most envied woman in the world? A:	elizabeth taylor.
Q: who do you think is the most envied woman in the world? A:	madonna.
one are the most popular gluten free foods is	vegetables.
one are the most popular gluten free foods is	meat.
one are the most popular gluten free foods is	dairy.
one are the most popular gluten free foods is	rice.
one are the most popular gluten free foods is	fish.
one are the most popular gluten free foods is	eggs.
one are the most popular gluten free foods is	soy.
we surveyed 100 married womenif your husband asked you for a divorce sunday night, one's the first thing you would do monday morning is	see lawyer/file.
we surveyed 100 married womenif your husband asked you for a divorce sunday night, one's the first thing you would do monday morning is	leave house.
we surveyed 100 married womenif your husband asked you for a divorce sunday night, one's the first thing you would do monday morning is	kick him out.
we surveyed 100 married womenif your husband asked you for a divorce sunday night, one's the first thing you would do monday morning is	clean out bank.
we surveyed 100 married womenif your husband asked you for a divorce sunday night, one's the first thing you would do monday morning is	change locks.
we surveyed 100 married womenif your husband asked you for a divorce sunday night, one's the first thing you would do monday morning is	ask him why?.
one of your bills seems to keep going up for no reason at all is	gas.
one of your bills seems to keep going up for no reason at all is	telephone.
one of your bills seems to keep going up for no reason at all is	cable.
one of your bills seems to keep going up for no reason at all is	credit cards.
one of your bills seems to keep going up for no reason at all is	food.
one excuse would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework is	"dog ate it".
one excuse would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework is	"forgot".
one excuse would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework is	"was sick".
one excuse would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework is	"lost it".
one excuse would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework is	"computer broke".
one excuse would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework is	don't have books.
one country has the smartest men is	united states.
one country has the smartest men is	china.
one country has the smartest men is	japan.
one country has the smartest men is	germany.
one country has the smartest men is	italy.
Q: who do you think is presently the greatest american athlete? A:	tiger woods.
Q: who do you think is presently the greatest american athlete? A:	brett favre.
Q: who do you think is presently the greatest american athlete? A:	michael jordan.
Q: who do you think is presently the greatest american athlete? A:	lance armstrong.
Q: who do you think is presently the greatest american athlete? A:	alex rodriguez.
Q: who do you think is presently the greatest american athlete? A:	peyton manning.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you wish your husband was an expert at doing is	fixing things/car.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you wish your husband was an expert at doing is	housework/laundry.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you wish your husband was an expert at doing is	cooking.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you wish your husband was an expert at doing is	making money.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you wish your husband was an expert at doing is	making love.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you wish your husband was an expert at doing is	driving.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you wish your husband was an expert at doing is	take care of kids.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you wish your husband was an expert at doing is	yard work.
apart from horses, one thing you might see at a horse race is	jockeys.
apart from horses, one thing you might see at a horse race is	hats.
apart from horses, one thing you might see at a horse race is	people.
apart from horses, one thing you might see at a horse race is	bookies.
apart from horses, one thing you might see at a horse race is	punters.
according to women one do men consider more important than marriage is	career.
according to women one do men consider more important than marriage is	money.
according to women one do men consider more important than marriage is	other women.
according to women one do men consider more important than marriage is	sports.
according to women one do men consider more important than marriage is	cars.
according to women one do men consider more important than marriage is	freedom.
at one age are children the most rebellious is	16.
at one age are children the most rebellious is	13.
at one age are children the most rebellious is	15.
at one age are children the most rebellious is	12.
at one age are children the most rebellious is	2.
at one age does a child first stay home alone is	12.
at one age does a child first stay home alone is	13.
at one age does a child first stay home alone is	10.
at one age does a child first stay home alone is	14.
at one age does a child first stay home alone is	11.
at one age does a child first stay home alone is	15.
according to single men one thing you hate women giving you advice about is	women.
according to single men one thing you hate women giving you advice about is	marriage.
according to single men one thing you hate women giving you advice about is	clothes.
according to single men one thing you hate women giving you advice about is	money.
according to single men one thing you hate women giving you advice about is	parenting.
according to single men one thing you hate women giving you advice about is	driving.
after their parents say no one thing kids do to get what they want is	cry/whine.
after their parents say no one thing kids do to get what they want is	beg.
after their parents say no one thing kids do to get what they want is	tantrum/scream.
after their parents say no one thing kids do to get what they want is	ask someone else.
after their parents say no one thing kids do to get what they want is	pout.
at one age would most men like to get married is	thirty.
at one age would most men like to get married is	twenty-five.
at one age would most men like to get married is	thirty-five.
at one age would most men like to get married is	twenty-six.
at one age would most men like to get married is	twenty-eight.
besides gamble one thing people do in las vegas is	drink.
besides gamble one thing people do in las vegas is	get married.
besides gamble one thing people do in las vegas is	eat.
besides gamble one thing people do in las vegas is	see shows.
besides gamble one thing people do in las vegas is	shop.
Q: besides a book, tell me a good gift for one person who loves to read? A:	mag./subscription.
Q: besides a book, tell me a good gift for one person who loves to read? A:	book light.
Q: besides a book, tell me a good gift for one person who loves to read? A:	e reader.
Q: besides a book, tell me a good gift for one person who loves to read? A:	bookmark.
Q: besides a book, tell me a good gift for one person who loves to read? A:	book shelf.
besides a wild cat, one thing that "roars" is	engine.
besides a wild cat, one thing that "roars" is	bear.
besides a wild cat, one thing that "roars" is	crowd.
besides a wild cat, one thing that "roars" is	waterfall/water.
besides a wild cat, one thing that "roars" is	fire.
besides a wild cat, one thing that "roars" is	thunder.
Q: besides on top of a flag pole, where else would you see the american flag? A:	school.
Q: besides on top of a flag pole, where else would you see the american flag? A:	outside of house.
Q: besides on top of a flag pole, where else would you see the american flag? A:	on a car.
Q: besides on top of a flag pole, where else would you see the american flag? A:	side of a building.
Q: besides on top of a flag pole, where else would you see the american flag? A:	display case.
Q: besides on top of a flag pole, where else would you see the american flag? A:	on a uniform.
besides clothes one thing people pack in their suitcase when traveling is	toothbrush/paste.
besides clothes one thing people pack in their suitcase when traveling is	hairbrush/comb.
besides clothes one thing people pack in their suitcase when traveling is	hair dryer.
besides clothes one thing people pack in their suitcase when traveling is	razor.
besides clothes one thing people pack in their suitcase when traveling is	alarm clock.
besides clothes one thing people pack in their suitcase when traveling is	make up.
by one method might a woman make the announcement that shes pregnant is	over dinner.
by one method might a woman make the announcement that shes pregnant is	with a party.
by one method might a woman make the announcement that shes pregnant is	in an email.
by one method might a woman make the announcement that shes pregnant is	send out announcements.
by one method might a woman make the announcement that shes pregnant is	by phone.
by one method might a woman make the announcement that shes pregnant is	in person.
besides toys, one thing a kid might receive at christmas is	clothes.
besides toys, one thing a kid might receive at christmas is	books.
besides toys, one thing a kid might receive at christmas is	bike.
besides jewelry, one thing a person might wear around their neck is	scarf.
besides jewelry, one thing a person might wear around their neck is	tie.
besides jewelry, one thing a person might wear around their neck is	identification.
besides jewelry, one thing a person might wear around their neck is	brace.
besides jewelry, one thing a person might wear around their neck is	keys.
besides jewelry, one thing a person might wear around their neck is	glasses.
besides video games,  another kind of game you can play at an arcade is	pinball.
besides video games,  another kind of game you can play at an arcade is	foosball.
besides video games,  another kind of game you can play at an arcade is	air hockey.
besides video games,  another kind of game you can play at an arcade is	basket ball.
besides video games,  another kind of game you can play at an arcade is	skee ball.
besides money, one thing you wish you had more of is	time.
besides money, one thing you wish you had more of is	love.
besides money, one thing you wish you had more of is	room in house.
besides money, one thing you wish you had more of is	friends.
besides money, one thing you wish you had more of is	good health.
besides money, one thing you wish you had more of is	clothes.
besides balls, one thing a juggler might juggle is	bowling pins.
besides balls, one thing a juggler might juggle is	fruit.
besides balls, one thing a juggler might juggle is	knives.
besides balls, one thing a juggler might juggle is	plates.
besides balls, one thing a juggler might juggle is	rings.
beside people, one thing you'd try to save if your house was on fire is	pets.
beside people, one thing you'd try to save if your house was on fire is	pictures.
beside people, one thing you'd try to save if your house was on fire is	purse.
beside people, one thing you'd try to save if your house was on fire is	clothes.
beside people, one thing you'd try to save if your house was on fire is	important papers.
besides skis, one thing people use on a ski slope is	snowboard.
besides skis, one thing people use on a ski slope is	poles.
besides skis, one thing people use on a ski slope is	lift.
besides skis, one thing people use on a ski slope is	sled.
besides skis, one thing people use on a ski slope is	snowmobile.
besides skis, one thing people use on a ski slope is	ski mask.
besides food, one thing you might find in a picnic basket is	napkins.
besides food, one thing you might find in a picnic basket is	beverages.
besides food, one thing you might find in a picnic basket is	ants.
besides food, one thing you might find in a picnic basket is	blanket.
besides food, one thing you might find in a picnic basket is	silverware.
besides food, one thing you might find in a picnic basket is	cups.
besides a napkin, one thing a person uses to wipe their mouth with is	shirt.
besides a napkin, one thing a person uses to wipe their mouth with is	paper towel.
besides a napkin, one thing a person uses to wipe their mouth with is	handkerchief.
besides a napkin, one thing a person uses to wipe their mouth with is	towel.
besides a napkin, one thing a person uses to wipe their mouth with is	hands.
besides a napkin, one thing a person uses to wipe their mouth with is	wet rag.
besides students, one thing you see in most high school hallways is	lockers.
besides students, one thing you see in most high school hallways is	teachers.
besides hot dogs one thing a hot dog vendor might have on his cart is	mustard.
besides hot dogs one thing a hot dog vendor might have on his cart is	chips.
besides hot dogs one thing a hot dog vendor might have on his cart is	drinks.
besides hot dogs one thing a hot dog vendor might have on his cart is	buns.
besides hot dogs one thing a hot dog vendor might have on his cart is	ketchup.
besides hot dogs one thing a hot dog vendor might have on his cart is	relish.
Q: complete this sentence most girls would love to go out with a guy who has a great? A:	personality.
Q: complete this sentence most girls would love to go out with a guy who has a great? A:	body.
Q: complete this sentence most girls would love to go out with a guy who has a great? A:	job/big wallet.
Q: complete this sentence most girls would love to go out with a guy who has a great? A:	car.
Q: complete this sentence most girls would love to go out with a guy who has a great? A:	smile.
Q: complete the phrase, "lost in"? A:	space.
Q: complete the phrase, "lost in"? A:	translation.
Q: complete the phrase, "lost in"? A:	love.
Q: complete the phrase, "lost in"? A:	paradise.
Q: complete the phrase, "lost in"? A:	thought.
despite its beauty one reason why you wouldnt want to live in hawaii is	too hot.
despite its beauty one reason why you wouldnt want to live in hawaii is	expensive.
despite its beauty one reason why you wouldnt want to live in hawaii is	volcano.
despite its beauty one reason why you wouldnt want to live in hawaii is	far away.
dogs chase cars one do people chase is	people/kids.
dogs chase cars one do people chase is	money.
dogs chase cars one do people chase is	dreams.
dogs chase cars one do people chase is	buses.
dogs chase cars one do people chase is	ambulances.
dogs chase cars one do people chase is	pets.
excluding your fellow humans, one thing you love dearly is	pets.
excluding your fellow humans, one thing you love dearly is	days off.
excluding your fellow humans, one thing you love dearly is	food.
excluding your fellow humans, one thing you love dearly is	family photos.
excluding your fellow humans, one thing you love dearly is	naps.
excluding your fellow humans, one thing you love dearly is	home.
Q: fill in the blank there is nothing more important in life than ____? A:	love.
Q: fill in the blank there is nothing more important in life than ____? A:	money.
Q: fill in the blank there is nothing more important in life than ____? A:	family.
Q: fill in the blank there is nothing more important in life than ____? A:	good health.
Q: fill in the blank there is nothing more important in life than ____? A:	a friend.
fact or fiction,  one person connected with an apple is	adam and eve.
fact or fiction,  one person connected with an apple is	johnny appleseed.
fact or fiction,  one person connected with an apple is	snow white.
fact or fiction,  one person connected with an apple is	sir isaac newton.
fact or fiction,  one person connected with an apple is	william tell.
fact or fiction,  one person connected with an apple is	steve jobs.
Q: give me an everyday expression that uses the word "dog"? A:	dog days.
Q: give me an everyday expression that uses the word "dog"? A:	doggone it.
Q: give me an everyday expression that uses the word "dog"? A:	dog-eat-dog world.
Q: give me an everyday expression that uses the word "dog"? A:	what's up, dawg?.
Q: give me an everyday expression that uses the word "dog"? A:	you dog.
one saying that includes the word "devil" is	... made me do it.
one saying that includes the word "devil" is	devil may care.
one saying that includes the word "devil" is	devil's advocate.
one saying that includes the word "devil" is	deviled eggs.
one saying that includes the word "devil" is	you little devil.
one saying that includes the word "devil" is	with a blue dress.
one word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth" is	mouthwash.
one word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth" is	mouth off.
one word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth" is	mouth-to-mouth.
one word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth" is	mouthpiece.
one word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth" is	mouth of a river.
one word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth" is	mouthguard.
one word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth" is	mouthwatering.
give me a  for one person who has to know everybody's business is	"nosy".
give me a  for one person who has to know everybody's business is	"busy body".
give me a  for one person who has to know everybody's business is	"gossip".
give me a  for one person who has to know everybody's business is	"snoop".
one slang term for one person who is afraid is	scaredy cat.
one slang term for one person who is afraid is	yellow belly.
one slang term for one person who is afraid is	wuss.
one slang term for one person who is afraid is	chicken.
one way to tell the jewelry your partner gives you is made of fake gold is	turns skin green.
one way to tell the jewelry your partner gives you is made of fake gold is	bite it/bendable.
one way to tell the jewelry your partner gives you is made of fake gold is	scratches easily.
one way to tell the jewelry your partner gives you is made of fake gold is	have it appraised.
Q: how many hours does it take to drive across your state? A:	6.
Q: how many hours does it take to drive across your state? A:	4.
Q: how many hours does it take to drive across your state? A:	8.
Q: how many hours does it take to drive across your state? A:	3.
Q: how many hours does it take to drive across your state? A:	12.
Q: how many hours does it take to drive across your state? A:	5.
Q: how many hours does it take to drive across your state? A:	10.
if there was a fire at the zoo, one animal a fireman would have trouble carrying out by himself is	elephant.
if there was a fire at the zoo, one animal a fireman would have trouble carrying out by himself is	lion.
if a husband found out that his wife had a bad day at work, one thing he might do to make her feel better is	cook dinner.
if a husband found out that his wife had a bad day at work, one thing he might do to make her feel better is	give a massage.
if a husband found out that his wife had a bad day at work, one thing he might do to make her feel better is	giver her flowers.
if a husband found out that his wife had a bad day at work, one thing he might do to make her feel better is	prepare a bath.
if a husband found out that his wife had a bad day at work, one thing he might do to make her feel better is	take her out.
if a husband found out that his wife had a bad day at work, one thing he might do to make her feel better is	comfort her.
instead of a dollar, one might a pirate's kid find under her pillow when she loses a tooth is	gold coin.
instead of a dollar, one might a pirate's kid find under her pillow when she loses a tooth is	eye patch.
instead of a dollar, one might a pirate's kid find under her pillow when she loses a tooth is	sword.
instead of a dollar, one might a pirate's kid find under her pillow when she loses a tooth is	hook.
instead of a dollar, one might a pirate's kid find under her pillow when she loses a tooth is	jewels.
instead of a dollar, one might a pirate's kid find under her pillow when she loses a tooth is	parrot.
in one profession might you have a large assortment of wigs is	actor.
in one profession might you have a large assortment of wigs is	hair stylist.
in one profession might you have a large assortment of wigs is	model.
in one profession might you have a large assortment of wigs is	clown.
if water became as expensive as gas one thing youd do a lot less of is	shower.
if water became as expensive as gas one thing youd do a lot less of is	drink.
if water became as expensive as gas one thing youd do a lot less of is	water lawn.
if water became as expensive as gas one thing youd do a lot less of is	laundry/wash.
if water became as expensive as gas one thing youd do a lot less of is	swim.
if water became as expensive as gas one thing youd do a lot less of is	flush.
if your car could talk one thing it might complain about is	driving to fast.
if your car could talk one thing it might complain about is	wash me.
if your car could talk one thing it might complain about is	not enough gas.
if your car could talk one thing it might complain about is	being run too much.
if your car could talk one thing it might complain about is	irregular oil change.
if your car could talk one thing it might complain about is	too much weight.
if your car could talk one thing it might complain about is	left in the rain.
if your boss finds you sleeping on the job one excuse might you give for having your closed eyes is	thinking/ concentrating.
if your boss finds you sleeping on the job one excuse might you give for having your closed eyes is	headache/ allergies.
if your boss finds you sleeping on the job one excuse might you give for having your closed eyes is	praying/ meditating.
if your boss finds you sleeping on the job one excuse might you give for having your closed eyes is	something in eye.
if your boss finds you sleeping on the job one excuse might you give for having your closed eyes is	contact lens/ dry eyes.
if youre driving in the middle of no where one animal might you see crossing the street is	deer.
if youre driving in the middle of no where one animal might you see crossing the street is	cow.
if youre driving in the middle of no where one animal might you see crossing the street is	moose.
if youre driving in the middle of no where one animal might you see crossing the street is	rat.
if you were turned into a bee, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	make honey.
if you were turned into a bee, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	fly.
if you were turned into a bee, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	sting.
if you were turned into a bee, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	collect pollen.
if a person is a driver for a living one specific type of vehicle might he drive is	semi truck.
if a person is a driver for a living one specific type of vehicle might he drive is	bus.
if a person is a driver for a living one specific type of vehicle might he drive is	limo.
if a person is a driver for a living one specific type of vehicle might he drive is	race car.
if a person is a driver for a living one specific type of vehicle might he drive is	taxi.
if fred flintstone was your neighbor one thing you wouldnt ask to borrow is	car.
if fred flintstone was your neighbor one thing you wouldnt ask to borrow is	clothes/shoes.
if fred flintstone was your neighbor one thing you wouldnt ask to borrow is	food.
if fred flintstone was your neighbor one thing you wouldnt ask to borrow is	lawn mower.
if fred flintstone was your neighbor one thing you wouldnt ask to borrow is	phone.
if you were friends with nancy drew, one might you buy for her birthday is	magnifying glass.
if you were friends with nancy drew, one might you buy for her birthday is	book.
if you were friends with nancy drew, one might you buy for her birthday is	notebook.
if you were friends with nancy drew, one might you buy for her birthday is	pen.
if you were friends with nancy drew, one might you buy for her birthday is	flashlight.
if you were friends with nancy drew, one might you buy for her birthday is	detectives hat.
instead of having a shouting match  another tactic a person might use to win a disagreement is	silent treatment.
instead of having a shouting match  another tactic a person might use to win a disagreement is	fight.
instead of having a shouting match  another tactic a person might use to win a disagreement is	walk away.
instead of having a shouting match  another tactic a person might use to win a disagreement is	cry.
if you asked a six-year-old, one thing they'd tell you about the moon is	made of cheese.
if you asked a six-year-old, one thing they'd tell you about the moon is	man lives in it.
if you asked a six-year-old, one thing they'd tell you about the moon is	round.
if you asked a six-year-old, one thing they'd tell you about the moon is	astronauts landed.
if you asked a six-year-old, one thing they'd tell you about the moon is	big.
if you asked a six-year-old, one thing they'd tell you about the moon is	bright.
if you asked a six-year-old, one thing they'd tell you about the moon is	far away.
if you lived on sesame street one character would get on your nerves is	big bird.
if you lived on sesame street one character would get on your nerves is	elmo.
if you lived on sesame street one character would get on your nerves is	oscar.
if you lived on sesame street one character would get on your nerves is	cookie monster.
if you lived on sesame street one character would get on your nerves is	ernie.
if you lived on sesame street one character would get on your nerves is	grover.
if you lived on sesame street one character would get on your nerves is	bert.
Q: if your license has expired, how do you get to the dmv to renew it? A:	bus.
Q: if your license has expired, how do you get to the dmv to renew it? A:	drive anyway.
Q: if your license has expired, how do you get to the dmv to renew it? A:	walk.
Q: if your license has expired, how do you get to the dmv to renew it? A:	ask a friend.
Q: if your license has expired, how do you get to the dmv to renew it? A:	take a cab.
Q: if your license has expired, how do you get to the dmv to renew it? A:	bike.
if your blind date walked in and you didnt feel a spark one would you do is	sneak out.
if your blind date walked in and you didnt feel a spark one would you do is	finish the date.
if your blind date walked in and you didnt feel a spark one would you do is	make up an excuse.
if your blind date walked in and you didnt feel a spark one would you do is	be honest.
if your blind date walked in and you didnt feel a spark one would you do is	hide.
if you were stranded with other people on an island, one useful occupations would you want them to have is	doctor.
if you were stranded with other people on an island, one useful occupations would you want them to have is	carpentry.
if you were stranded with other people on an island, one useful occupations would you want them to have is	cook.
if you were stranded with other people on an island, one useful occupations would you want them to have is	farmer.
if your body could be fixed as easily as the body of a car, one new part you'd want is	abdomen.
if your body could be fixed as easily as the body of a car, one new part you'd want is	chest.
if your body could be fixed as easily as the body of a car, one new part you'd want is	back.
if your body could be fixed as easily as the body of a car, one new part you'd want is	legs.
if your body could be fixed as easily as the body of a car, one new part you'd want is	derriere.
if your body could be fixed as easily as the body of a car, one new part you'd want is	eyes.
Q: if you were running for president of the united states, tell me an issue you'd be expected to take a stand on? A:	war.
Q: if you were running for president of the united states, tell me an issue you'd be expected to take a stand on? A:	taxes.
if you wanted to break out of jail, one thing you might tell your mom to bake in a cake is	file.
if you wanted to break out of jail, one thing you might tell your mom to bake in a cake is	hack saw.
if you wanted to break out of jail, one thing you might tell your mom to bake in a cake is	chisel.
Q: if all the talk show hosts were at a dinner party, who would monopolize the conversation? A:	oprah winfrey.
Q: if all the talk show hosts were at a dinner party, who would monopolize the conversation? A:	dr. phil.
Q: if all the talk show hosts were at a dinner party, who would monopolize the conversation? A:	rosie o'donnell.
Q: if all the talk show hosts were at a dinner party, who would monopolize the conversation? A:	barbara walters.
Q: if all the talk show hosts were at a dinner party, who would monopolize the conversation? A:	tyra banks.
Q: if all the talk show hosts were at a dinner party, who would monopolize the conversation? A:	jay leno.
if the tables were turned, one thing about dr phil a guest might criticize is	arrogance.
if the tables were turned, one thing about dr phil a guest might criticize is	baldness.
if the tables were turned, one thing about dr phil a guest might criticize is	marriage.
if the tables were turned, one thing about dr phil a guest might criticize is	weight.
if the tables were turned, one thing about dr phil a guest might criticize is	voice.
if the tables were turned, one thing about dr phil a guest might criticize is	expressions.
if you were married to an nba star, one might you have to get on your tip toes to do is	kiss.
if you were married to an nba star, one might you have to get on your tip toes to do is	hug.
if a 10-year-old became president, one's the first thing they would outlaw is	school/homework.
if a 10-year-old became president, one's the first thing they would outlaw is	bedtime.
if a 10-year-old became president, one's the first thing they would outlaw is	parents.
if a 10-year-old became president, one's the first thing they would outlaw is	eating vegetables.
if you were called to take part in an amateur talent contest, one thing you might do is	sing.
if you were called to take part in an amateur talent contest, one thing you might do is	dance.
if you were called to take part in an amateur talent contest, one thing you might do is	tell jokes.
if you were called to take part in an amateur talent contest, one thing you might do is	play instruments.
if you were called to take part in an amateur talent contest, one thing you might do is	juggle.
if you were called to take part in an amateur talent contest, one thing you might do is	read.
Q: if a man were intimidated by smart women where would he avoid looking for a date? A:	library.
Q: if a man were intimidated by smart women where would he avoid looking for a date? A:	college.
Q: if a man were intimidated by smart women where would he avoid looking for a date? A:	the office.
if king kong were put in a zoo, one thing the zoo would need is	a big cage.
if king kong were put in a zoo, one thing the zoo would need is	a lot of food.
if king kong were put in a zoo, one thing the zoo would need is	high security.
if king kong were put in a zoo, one thing the zoo would need is	chains.
if king kong were put in a zoo, one thing the zoo would need is	tranquilizers.
Q: in public how can you show your partner your love without telling them? A:	kiss.
Q: in public how can you show your partner your love without telling them? A:	hug/hold hands.
Q: in public how can you show your partner your love without telling them? A:	eye contact/wink.
Q: in public how can you show your partner your love without telling them? A:	smile.
if you had the money, one thing you'd take lessons to learn how to do is	music/singing.
if you had the money, one thing you'd take lessons to learn how to do is	dance lessons.
if you had the money, one thing you'd take lessons to learn how to do is	flying lessons.
if you had the money, one thing you'd take lessons to learn how to do is	skydiving lessons.
if you had the money, one thing you'd take lessons to learn how to do is	driving/racing.
instead of the usual instrumental music, one kind of music would you be surprised to hear playing in an elevator is	rock.
instead of the usual instrumental music, one kind of music would you be surprised to hear playing in an elevator is	rap.
instead of the usual instrumental music, one kind of music would you be surprised to hear playing in an elevator is	heavy metal.
instead of the usual instrumental music, one kind of music would you be surprised to hear playing in an elevator is	country.
if you were reincarnated as an animal, one animal would you like to be is	dog.
if you were reincarnated as an animal, one animal would you like to be is	bird.
if you were reincarnated as an animal, one animal would you like to be is	cat.
if you were reincarnated as an animal, one animal would you like to be is	lion.
if you were reincarnated as an animal, one animal would you like to be is	tiger.
if you were reincarnated as an animal, one animal would you like to be is	dolphin.
if you were reincarnated as an animal, one animal would you like to be is	horse.
if you were reincarnated as an animal, one animal would you like to be is	butterfly.
if you were told to evacuate your house immediately, one would be the first thing you would grab is	purse/money.
if you were told to evacuate your house immediately, one would be the first thing you would grab is	family.
if you were told to evacuate your house immediately, one would be the first thing you would grab is	pet.
if you were told to evacuate your house immediately, one would be the first thing you would grab is	photographs/album.
if you were told to evacuate your house immediately, one would be the first thing you would grab is	clothes.
if you were told to evacuate your house immediately, one would be the first thing you would grab is	documents/papers.
Q: if doc were to examine the other 6 dwarfs who might he suggest a prescription for? A:	sneezy.
Q: if doc were to examine the other 6 dwarfs who might he suggest a prescription for? A:	sleepy.
Q: if doc were to examine the other 6 dwarfs who might he suggest a prescription for? A:	grumpy.
Q: if doc were to examine the other 6 dwarfs who might he suggest a prescription for? A:	dopey.
Q: if doc were to examine the other 6 dwarfs who might he suggest a prescription for? A:	bashful.
living or dead,  the most romantic singer is	luther vandross.
living or dead,  the most romantic singer is	frank sinatra.
living or dead,  the most romantic singer is	usher.
living or dead,  the most romantic singer is	barry white.
living or dead,  the most romantic singer is	tony bennett.
motor-mouth is a one word of expression that ends in "mouth"  another is	big mouth.
motor-mouth is a one word of expression that ends in "mouth"  another is	loud mouth.
motor-mouth is a one word of expression that ends in "mouth"  another is	potty mouth.
motor-mouth is a one word of expression that ends in "mouth"  another is	dirty mouth.
motor-mouth is a one word of expression that ends in "mouth"  another is	blabber mouth.
motor-mouth is a one word of expression that ends in "mouth"  another is	bad mouth.
one thing people do to let you know theyre bored is	yawn.
one thing people do to let you know theyre bored is	sigh.
one thing people do to let you know theyre bored is	sleep.
one thing people do to let you know theyre bored is	roll their eyes.
one thing people do to let you know theyre bored is	twiddle thumbs.
one thing people do to let you know theyre bored is	tap fingers.
one thing people do to let you know theyre bored is	look at watch.
one reason other than hard work that your boss would give you a raise is	dating the boss.
one reason other than hard work that your boss would give you a raise is	on time/ attendance.
one reason other than hard work that your boss would give you a raise is	blackmail.
one reason other than hard work that your boss would give you a raise is	sucking up.
one thing a costume character may have to remove their head to do is	eat.
one thing a costume character may have to remove their head to do is	get a drink.
one thing a costume character may have to remove their head to do is	talk.
one thing a costume character may have to remove their head to do is	breath.
one thing a costume character may have to remove their head to do is	see.
one place where its okay to be loud is	concert.
one place where its okay to be loud is	outdoors.
one place where its okay to be loud is	bar.
one place where its okay to be loud is	party.
one place where its okay to be loud is	athletic event.
one thing a teen might cover up so her parents don't see it is	hickey.
one thing a teen might cover up so her parents don't see it is	tattoo.
one thing a teen might cover up so her parents don't see it is	piercing.
one thing a teen might cover up so her parents don't see it is	revealing clothes.
one thing a teen might cover up so her parents don't see it is	make up.
one thing a teen might cover up so her parents don't see it is	diary.
one coffee drink people order while theyre out but cant make at home is	late.
one coffee drink people order while theyre out but cant make at home is	esspresso.
one coffee drink people order while theyre out but cant make at home is	mocha.
one coffee drink people order while theyre out but cant make at home is	cappuccino.
one style of music that you'd be surprised to hear that a teenager listened to is	classical.
one style of music that you'd be surprised to hear that a teenager listened to is	country.
one style of music that you'd be surprised to hear that a teenager listened to is	jazz.
one style of music that you'd be surprised to hear that a teenager listened to is	opera.
one school supply that you haven't used since you were young is	crayon.
one school supply that you haven't used since you were young is	ruler.
one school supply that you haven't used since you were young is	pencil/eraser.
one school supply that you haven't used since you were young is	paste/glue.
one school supply that you haven't used since you were young is	compass.
one thing that a person might ask to have signed is	check.
one thing that a person might ask to have signed is	photo.
one thing that a person might ask to have signed is	contract.
one thing that a person might ask to have signed is	shirt.
one thing that a person might ask to have signed is	book.
one thing that a person might ask to have signed is	ball.
one thing that a person might ask to have signed is	petition.
one thing you see the ground littered with after the carnival has move on (more specific than "trash") is	popcorn.
one thing you see the ground littered with after the carnival has move on (more specific than "trash") is	food wrappers.
one thing you see the ground littered with after the carnival has move on (more specific than "trash") is	cups/cans.
one thing you see the ground littered with after the carnival has move on (more specific than "trash") is	ticket stub.
the worst thing about being on noah's ark is	crowded.
the worst thing about being on noah's ark is	smell.
the worst thing about being on noah's ark is	animals.
the worst thing about being on noah's ark is	cleaning up.
the worst thing about being on noah's ark is	storms.
the worst thing about being on noah's ark is	boredom.
one thing of your that the dog likes to play with is	shoes.
one thing of your that the dog likes to play with is	socks.
one thing of your that the dog likes to play with is	ball.
one thing of your that the dog likes to play with is	newspaper.
one kind of place where you see people killing time is	mall/store.
one kind of place where you see people killing time is	train/bus stop.
one kind of place where you see people killing time is	airport.
one kind of place where you see people killing time is	bar.
one kind of place where you see people killing time is	work job.
one kind of place where you see people killing time is	restaurant.
one piece of information that can be found on a prescription bottle is	patient name.
one piece of information that can be found on a prescription bottle is	directions.
one piece of information that can be found on a prescription bottle is	date/expiration.
one piece of information that can be found on a prescription bottle is	drug/ingredients.
one piece of information that can be found on a prescription bottle is	doctor/contact.
one thing that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates is	sleep.
one thing that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates is	be intimate.
one thing that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates is	shower.
one thing that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates is	keep house clean.
one thing that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates is	cook.
one thing that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates is	use bathroom.
one thing that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates is	read/study.
one thing that you would wear to a wedding in the dessert is	sandals.
one thing that you would wear to a wedding in the dessert is	bathing suit.
one thing that you would wear to a wedding in the dessert is	sun dress.
one thing that you would wear to a wedding in the dessert is	sun hat.
one thing that you would wear to a wedding in the dessert is	shorts.
one thing that you would wear to a wedding in the dessert is	sunscreen.
one creature that, until it moves, you don't know its head from its tail is	snake.
one creature that, until it moves, you don't know its head from its tail is	worm.
one creature that, until it moves, you don't know its head from its tail is	turtle.
one creature that, until it moves, you don't know its head from its tail is	ant.
one creature that, until it moves, you don't know its head from its tail is	caterpillar.
one character that shows up in every church christmas play is	jesus.
one character that shows up in every church christmas play is	mary.
one character that shows up in every church christmas play is	angel.
one character that shows up in every church christmas play is	joseph.
one character that shows up in every church christmas play is	wise men.
one character that shows up in every church christmas play is	donkey.
one morning stop that many adults make first, before going into work is	coffee shop.
one morning stop that many adults make first, before going into work is	day care/school.
one morning stop that many adults make first, before going into work is	breakfast.
one morning stop that many adults make first, before going into work is	gas station.
one food you can cook on a campfire is	hot dogs.
one food you can cook on a campfire is	smores.
one thing people put toothpicks in (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	in your teeth.
one thing people put toothpicks in (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	sandwich.
one thing people put toothpicks in (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	olives.
one thing people put toothpicks in (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	appetizers.
one thing people put toothpicks in (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	cheese cube.
one thing people put toothpicks in (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	meatballs.
one thing people put toothpicks in (food is not an answer, be more specific) is	cakes.
one baby farm animal that a child would probably want to keep as a pet is	piglet.
one baby farm animal that a child would probably want to keep as a pet is	lamb.
one baby farm animal that a child would probably want to keep as a pet is	chick.
one baby farm animal that a child would probably want to keep as a pet is	kid/goat.
one baby farm animal that a child would probably want to keep as a pet is	bunny.
one fruit juice that's very bitter is	grapefruit.
one fruit juice that's very bitter is	lemon.
one fruit juice that's very bitter is	cranberry.
one fruit juice that's very bitter is	orange.
one thing a child might never do if they werent forced to is	brush teeth.
one thing a child might never do if they werent forced to is	eat vegetable.
one thing a child might never do if they werent forced to is	school/homework.
one thing a child might never do if they werent forced to is	bathe.
one thing a child might never do if they werent forced to is	go to bed.
one thing a child might never do if they werent forced to is	clean.
one place where you would not be allowed to chew gum is	school.
one place where you would not be allowed to chew gum is	church.
one place where you would not be allowed to chew gum is	library.
one place where you would not be allowed to chew gum is	singapore.
one place where you would not be allowed to chew gum is	court.
one job from which you would come home smelling really good is	baker.
one job from which you would come home smelling really good is	perfume seller.
one job from which you would come home smelling really good is	florist.
one job from which you would come home smelling really good is	chef.
one job from which you would come home smelling really good is	spa employee.
one thing campers might take with them for emergencies is	first aid kit.
one thing campers might take with them for emergencies is	flashlight.
one thing campers might take with them for emergencies is	water.
one thing campers might take with them for emergencies is	knife.
one thing campers might take with them for emergencies is	matches.
one thing campers might take with them for emergencies is	cellular phone.
one thing campers might take with them for emergencies is	blanket.
one thing "human" that people try to teach their dogs to do is	speak.
one thing "human" that people try to teach their dogs to do is	walk on 2 legs.
one thing "human" that people try to teach their dogs to do is	shake.
one thing "human" that people try to teach their dogs to do is	dance.
one thing that tastes better plain than fruitflavored is	water.
one thing that tastes better plain than fruitflavored is	yogurt.
one thing that tastes better plain than fruitflavored is	gum.
one thing that tastes better plain than fruitflavored is	milk.
one thing that tastes better plain than fruitflavored is	tea.
one thing that tastes better plain than fruitflavored is	medicine.
one thing that tastes better plain than fruitflavored is	soda.
one color you see a lot of in mobster movies is	black.
one color you see a lot of in mobster movies is	red.
one color you see a lot of in mobster movies is	green.
one color you see a lot of in mobster movies is	blue.
one color you see a lot of in mobster movies is	grey.
one color you see a lot of in mobster movies is	white.
one animal that you can ride at the circus is	elephant.
one animal that you can ride at the circus is	horse.
one animal that you can ride at the circus is	camel.
one animal that you can ride at the circus is	donkey.
one thing you would be surprised to find in a bachelor's bathroom is	feminine products.
one thing you would be surprised to find in a bachelor's bathroom is	make up.
one thing you would be surprised to find in a bachelor's bathroom is	perfume.
one thing you would be surprised to find in a bachelor's bathroom is	flowers.
one habit that would be impossible to hide from your spouse is	smoking.
one habit that would be impossible to hide from your spouse is	drinking.
one habit that would be impossible to hide from your spouse is	biting nails.
one habit that would be impossible to hide from your spouse is	gambling.
one habit that would be impossible to hide from your spouse is	shopping.
one topic most men cant stand but many women could discuss for hours is	shopping.
one topic most men cant stand but many women could discuss for hours is	clothes.
one topic most men cant stand but many women could discuss for hours is	soap operas.
one topic most men cant stand but many women could discuss for hours is	men.
one topic most men cant stand but many women could discuss for hours is	hair.
one famous male, real or fictional, who wears tights is	robin hood.
one famous male, real or fictional, who wears tights is	superman.
one famous male, real or fictional, who wears tights is	peter pan.
one famous male, real or fictional, who wears tights is	batman.
one famous male, real or fictional, who wears tights is	mikhail barishnikov.
one thing people donate to charity during the holidays is	food.
one thing people donate to charity during the holidays is	money.
one thing people donate to charity during the holidays is	clothing.
one thing people donate to charity during the holidays is	toys.
one thing you do at least twice in the course of a long car ride with family is	sing.
one thing you do at least twice in the course of a long car ride with family is	fall asleep.
one thing you do at least twice in the course of a long car ride with family is	make a pit stop.
one thing you do at least twice in the course of a long car ride with family is	get food.
one thing you do at least twice in the course of a long car ride with family is	fight.
one thing you do at least twice in the course of a long car ride with family is	hear are we there yet.
one thing that a secretary never wants to run out of at the office is	paper.
one thing that a secretary never wants to run out of at the office is	pens/ink.
one thing that a secretary never wants to run out of at the office is	coffee.
one thing that a secretary never wants to run out of at the office is	staples.
one thing that a secretary never wants to run out of at the office is	time.
one thing that happens to people when they're experiencing an allergic reaction is	hives.
one thing that happens to people when they're experiencing an allergic reaction is	sneezing.
one thing that happens to people when they're experiencing an allergic reaction is	swelling.
one thing that happens to people when they're experiencing an allergic reaction is	red eyes.
one good day job for a body builder is	personal trainer.
one good day job for a body builder is	construction.
one good day job for a body builder is	bouncer.
one good day job for a body builder is	lifeguard.
one good day job for a body builder is	model.
one thing you'd be nervous to do as an actress for fear that you'd wind up on a tabloid is	kiss your date.
one thing you'd be nervous to do as an actress for fear that you'd wind up on a tabloid is	drugs/drinking.
one thing you'd be nervous to do as an actress for fear that you'd wind up on a tabloid is	pose nude.
one thing you'd be nervous to do as an actress for fear that you'd wind up on a tabloid is	get arrested.
one thing you'd be nervous to do as an actress for fear that you'd wind up on a tabloid is	cheat/divorce.
one thing you'd be nervous to do as an actress for fear that you'd wind up on a tabloid is	eat fast food.
one television star who has successfully transitioned into feature films is	george clooney.
one television star who has successfully transitioned into feature films is	will smith.
one television star who has successfully transitioned into feature films is	tom hanks.
one television star who has successfully transitioned into feature films is	robin williams.
one television star who has successfully transitioned into feature films is	jennifer anniston.
one television star who has successfully transitioned into feature films is	john travolta.
one vehicle that has a loud engine is	race car.
one vehicle that has a loud engine is	truck.
one vehicle that has a loud engine is	motor cycle.
one vehicle that has a loud engine is	mustang.
one vehicle that has a loud engine is	corvette.
one vehicle that has a loud engine is	hummer.
one thing a child might carry along everywhere is	blanket.
one thing a child might carry along everywhere is	toy.
one thing a child might carry along everywhere is	teddy bear.
one thing a child might carry along everywhere is	doll.
one thing a child might carry along everywhere is	bottle.
one thing a child might carry along everywhere is	pacifier.
one thing of dad's that kids aren't allowed to use is	car.
one thing of dad's that kids aren't allowed to use is	tools.
one thing of dad's that kids aren't allowed to use is	razor.
one thing of dad's that kids aren't allowed to use is	computer.
one thing a reality show is incomplete without is	drama/fighting.
one thing a reality show is incomplete without is	contestants/celebs.
one thing a reality show is incomplete without is	romance.
one thing a reality show is incomplete without is	camaras.
one thing a reality show is incomplete without is	alcohol.
one thing that both a detective and a camper use is	flashlight.
one thing that both a detective and a camper use is	magnifying glass.
one thing that both a detective and a camper use is	compass.
one thing that both a detective and a camper use is	camera.
one thing you might find in a tennis bag is	tennis balls.
one thing you might find in a tennis bag is	racquet.
one thing you might find in a tennis bag is	towel.
one thing you might find in a tennis bag is	tennis shoes.
one thing you might find in a tennis bag is	socks.
one movie about baseball players is	angels in outfield.
one movie about baseball players is	league of their own.
one movie about baseball players is	field of dreams.
one movie about baseball players is	the natural.
one movie about baseball players is	bull durham.
one thing the police use to identify a criminal is	fingerprints.
one thing the police use to identify a criminal is	drivers license.
one thing the police use to identify a criminal is	pictures.
one thing the police use to identify a criminal is	mug shot.
one thing the police use to identify a criminal is	computer.
one thing the police use to identify a criminal is	license plate.
one thing the police use to identify a criminal is	dna testing.
one thing people imagine they'd see on every street in hollywood is	celebrities.
one thing people imagine they'd see on every street in hollywood is	bright lights.
one thing people imagine they'd see on every street in hollywood is	palm trees.
one thing people imagine they'd see on every street in hollywood is	prints on sidewalk.
one place where it'd be in bad taste to hit on one person is	place of worship.
one place where it'd be in bad taste to hit on one person is	funeral.
one place where it'd be in bad taste to hit on one person is	their wedding.
one place where it'd be in bad taste to hit on one person is	work.
one place where it'd be in bad taste to hit on one person is	gym.
one place where it'd be in bad taste to hit on one person is	courtroom.
one thing a game show host has to do, even on a day when he doesn't feel like it is	put on a happy face.
one thing a game show host has to do, even on a day when he doesn't feel like it is	make conversation.
one thing a game show host has to do, even on a day when he doesn't feel like it is	go to work.
one thing a game show host has to do, even on a day when he doesn't feel like it is	dress up.
one animal that you see more of in the city is	cat.
one animal that you see more of in the city is	pigeon.
one animal that you see more of in the city is	rat.
one type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy is	dump truck.
one type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy is	fire engine.
one type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy is	tractor.
one type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy is	police car.
one type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy is	bull dozer.
one thing on a baby that often looks big compared to the rest of their body is	head.
one thing on a baby that often looks big compared to the rest of their body is	ears.
one thing on a baby that often looks big compared to the rest of their body is	eyes.
one thing on a baby that often looks big compared to the rest of their body is	stomach.
one thing husbands will admit that they borrow from their wives is	money.
one thing husbands will admit that they borrow from their wives is	car.
one thing husbands will admit that they borrow from their wives is	razor.
one thing husbands will admit that they borrow from their wives is	socks.
one thing you don't want to have happen during a moment of silence is	pass gas.
one thing you don't want to have happen during a moment of silence is	cough.
one thing you don't want to have happen during a moment of silence is	caught talking.
one thing you don't want to have happen during a moment of silence is	get the giggles.
one thing you don't want to have happen during a moment of silence is	baby cries.
one thing you don't want to have happen during a moment of silence is	phone rings.
one part of a boxer's body that might be swollen after a match is	cheeks.
one part of a boxer's body that might be swollen after a match is	eyes.
one part of a boxer's body that might be swollen after a match is	nose.
one part of a boxer's body that might be swollen after a match is	lips.
one part of a boxer's body that might be swollen after a match is	hands.
one item you'd expect to find in a bathroom cabinet is	towels.
one item you'd expect to find in a bathroom cabinet is	toilet paper.
one item you'd expect to find in a bathroom cabinet is	medicine.
one item you'd expect to find in a bathroom cabinet is	toothpaste.
one item you'd expect to find in a bathroom cabinet is	soap/shampoo.
one item you'd expect to find in a bathroom cabinet is	makeup.
one thing people do after they've eaten too much is	sleep.
one thing people do after they've eaten too much is	burp.
one thing people do after they've eaten too much is	unbutton pants.
one thing people do after they've eaten too much is	go to bathroom.
one thing people do after they've eaten too much is	smoke cigarettes.
one thing people do after they've eaten too much is	take antacid.
one thing you do constantly when you have a cold is	sneeze.
one thing you do constantly when you have a cold is	cough.
one thing you do constantly when you have a cold is	blow nose.
one thing you do constantly when you have a cold is	sleep.
one thing you do constantly when you have a cold is	sniffle.
one thing people do with a deck of cards is	shuffle.
one thing people do with a deck of cards is	play poker.
one thing people do with a deck of cards is	play solitaire.
one thing people do with a deck of cards is	deal.
one thing people do with a deck of cards is	do tricks.
one thing people do with a deck of cards is	gamble.
one famous james who many women consider handsome is	james dean.
one famous james who many women consider handsome is	james bond.
one famous james who many women consider handsome is	james stewart.
one famous james who many women consider handsome is	james brown.
one talk show host who many people respect is	oprah winfrey.
one talk show host who many people respect is	jay leno.
one talk show host who many people respect is	david letterman.
one talk show host who many people respect is	dr phil.
one food served in an elementary school cafeteria is	pizza.
one food served in an elementary school cafeteria is	meatloaf.
one food served in an elementary school cafeteria is	jell o.
one food served in an elementary school cafeteria is	fries.
one food served in an elementary school cafeteria is	chicken nuggets.
one food served in an elementary school cafeteria is	hot dogs.
one food served in an elementary school cafeteria is	hamburgers.
one food you eat with your fingers is	french fries.
one food you eat with your fingers is	chicken wings.
one food you eat with your fingers is	pizza.
one food you eat with your fingers is	hamburger.
one food you eat with your fingers is	hotdog.
one thing a shoe salesman might complain about is	stinky feet.
one thing a shoe salesman might complain about is	ugly feet.
one thing a shoe salesman might complain about is	returns.
one thing a shoe salesman might complain about is	big feet.
one thing a shoe salesman might complain about is	backache.
one fruit that you might accidentally swallow the seeds of is	watermelon.
one fruit that you might accidentally swallow the seeds of is	grape.
one fruit that you might accidentally swallow the seeds of is	cherry.
one fruit that you might accidentally swallow the seeds of is	orange.
one fruit that you might accidentally swallow the seeds of is	apple.
one expensive food that you wouldn't serve at a kid's birthday party is	caviar.
one expensive food that you wouldn't serve at a kid's birthday party is	filet mignon.
one expensive food that you wouldn't serve at a kid's birthday party is	lobster.
one expensive food that you wouldn't serve at a kid's birthday party is	shrimp.
one expensive food that you wouldn't serve at a kid's birthday party is	sushi.
one thing that can make a person suddenly think of their partner is	song.
one thing that can make a person suddenly think of their partner is	smell.
one thing that can make a person suddenly think of their partner is	movie.
one thing that can make a person suddenly think of their partner is	picture.
one place where you get antsy from sitting too long is	church.
one place where you get antsy from sitting too long is	school.
one place where you get antsy from sitting too long is	movie theatre.
one place where you get antsy from sitting too long is	waiting room.
one place where you get antsy from sitting too long is	work/meeting.
one animal that sleeps during the day and stays up at night is	bat.
one animal that sleeps during the day and stays up at night is	owl.
one animal that sleeps during the day and stays up at night is	cat.
one animal that sleeps during the day and stays up at night is	raccoon.
one type of business thats convenient to have in your neighborhood is	market/conv store.
one type of business thats convenient to have in your neighborhood is	gas station.
one type of business thats convenient to have in your neighborhood is	bank.
one type of business thats convenient to have in your neighborhood is	restaurant.
one type of business thats convenient to have in your neighborhood is	laundromat.
one thing tourists point up at is	tall buildings.
one thing tourists point up at is	statues/ monuments.
one thing tourists point up at is	mountains.
one thing specific you'd probably see on a brochure for las vegas is	casino/slots.
one thing specific you'd probably see on a brochure for las vegas is	money/coins.
one thing specific you'd probably see on a brochure for las vegas is	poker chips.
one thing specific you'd probably see on a brochure for las vegas is	bar/restaurant.
one thing specific you'd probably see on a brochure for las vegas is	show girls.
one thing specific you'd probably see on a brochure for las vegas is	fountain.
one holiday that most people don't get off from work is	president's day.
one holiday that most people don't get off from work is	martin luther king.
one holiday that most people don't get off from work is	valentine's day.
one holiday that most people don't get off from work is	columbus day.
one thing about which many people have phobias is	spiders.
one thing about which many people have phobias is	heights.
one thing about which many people have phobias is	snakes.
one thing about which many people have phobias is	water.
one thing about which many people have phobias is	darkness.
one thing about which many people have phobias is	flying.
one thing about which many people have phobias is	small spaces.
one trait thats essential for a high school teacher to have is	patience.
one trait thats essential for a high school teacher to have is	intelligence.
one trait thats essential for a high school teacher to have is	friendly personality.
one trait thats essential for a high school teacher to have is	strictness.
one thing a teen might take off before going to grandma's house for dinner is	makeup.
one thing a teen might take off before going to grandma's house for dinner is	hat.
one thing a teen might take off before going to grandma's house for dinner is	piercing.
one thing a teen might take off before going to grandma's house for dinner is	shoes.
one thing a teen might take off before going to grandma's house for dinner is	hoodie.
one thing you might be "on top of" is	the world.
one thing you might be "on top of" is	work/school.
one thing you might be "on top of" is	mountain/hill.
one thing you might be "on top of" is	your game.
one thing you might be "on top of" is	bills.
one day when kids get a lot of candy is	halloween.
one day when kids get a lot of candy is	easter.
one day when kids get a lot of candy is	christmas.
one day when kids get a lot of candy is	birthday.
one day when kids get a lot of candy is	valentine's day.
one feature you have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller is	radio.
one feature you have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller is	stereo.
one feature you have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller is	motor.
one feature you have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller is	horn.
one feature you have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller is	power steering.
one feature you have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller is	cruise control.
one item stores probably have a hard time selling after christmas is	trees.
one item stores probably have a hard time selling after christmas is	ornaments.
one item stores probably have a hard time selling after christmas is	toys.
one item stores probably have a hard time selling after christmas is	lights.
one item stores probably have a hard time selling after christmas is	wrapping paper.
one item stores probably have a hard time selling after christmas is	christmas cards.
one animal that children are excited by at the zoo is	monkey.
one animal that children are excited by at the zoo is	lion.
one animal that children are excited by at the zoo is	tiger.
one animal that children are excited by at the zoo is	elephant.
one animal that children are excited by at the zoo is	giraffe.
one animal that children are excited by at the zoo is	bear.
one person specific youd be nervous about lying to is	mother.
one person specific youd be nervous about lying to is	priest.
one person specific youd be nervous about lying to is	god.
one person specific youd be nervous about lying to is	father.
one person specific youd be nervous about lying to is	husband.
one person specific youd be nervous about lying to is	friend.
one person specific youd be nervous about lying to is	wife.
one thing specific people put salsa on is	chips.
one thing specific people put salsa on is	tacos.
one thing specific people put salsa on is	enchaladas.
one thing specific people put salsa on is	burritos.
one thing specific people put salsa on is	eggs.
one thing at a rock concert that you don't pay to see, but see anyway is	fights.
one thing at a rock concert that you don't pay to see, but see anyway is	drinking/drugs.
one thing at a rock concert that you don't pay to see, but see anyway is	crowds.
one thing at a rock concert that you don't pay to see, but see anyway is	skimpy outfits.
one thing at a rock concert that you don't pay to see, but see anyway is	opening band.
one thing that gets delivered is	mail.
one thing that gets delivered is	pizza.
one thing that gets delivered is	newspaper.
one thing that gets delivered is	package.
one thing that gets delivered is	baby.
one thing that gets delivered is	flowers.
one thing that you don't want your dog to chew on over the holidays is	the tree.
one thing that you don't want your dog to chew on over the holidays is	gifts/gift wrap.
one thing that you don't want your dog to chew on over the holidays is	ornaments/figurines.
one thing that you don't want your dog to chew on over the holidays is	lights.
one thing that you don't want your dog to chew on over the holidays is	turkey/bones.
one thing that you don't want your dog to chew on over the holidays is	stockings.
one thing found in las vegas that youd like to see more of in your home town is	casinos.
one thing found in las vegas that youd like to see more of in your home town is	bright lights.
one thing found in las vegas that youd like to see more of in your home town is	beautiful women.
one thing found in las vegas that youd like to see more of in your home town is	night life.
one thing found in las vegas that youd like to see more of in your home town is	money.
one thing about love that some people believe in and others don't is	love at first sight.
one thing about love that some people believe in and others don't is	endless.
one thing about love that some people believe in and others don't is	fate.
one thing about love that some people believe in and others don't is	soul mate.
one thing your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army is	make your bed.
one thing your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army is	clean up.
one thing your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army is	wash the dishes.
one thing your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army is	clean bathroom.
one thing your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army is	laundry.
one thing your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army is	obey.
one thing your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army is	fold your clothes.
one thing from childhood that many people save is	photos.
one thing from childhood that many people save is	toys.
one thing from childhood that many people save is	blanket.
one thing from childhood that many people save is	baby teeth.
one thing from childhood that many people save is	clothes.
one thing from childhood that many people save is	doll.
one slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank is	snake.
one slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank is	giraffe.
one slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank is	cat.
one slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank is	deer.
one slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank is	pony.
one slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank is	lizard.
one slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank is	monkey.
one place where you often find an elevator is	hotel.
one place where you often find an elevator is	mall.
one place where you often find an elevator is	hospital.
one place where you often find an elevator is	office building.
one specific food or drink moms tell their kids to consume so they grow "big and strong" is	milk.
one specific food or drink moms tell their kids to consume so they grow "big and strong" is	spinach.
one specific food or drink moms tell their kids to consume so they grow "big and strong" is	carrots.
one specific food or drink moms tell their kids to consume so they grow "big and strong" is	broccoli.
one thing you might do to make yourself feel cozy after playing in the snow all day is	hot chocolate.
one thing you might do to make yourself feel cozy after playing in the snow all day is	hot bath.
one thing you might do to make yourself feel cozy after playing in the snow all day is	sit by fire.
one thing you might do to make yourself feel cozy after playing in the snow all day is	change clothes.
one thing you might do to make yourself feel cozy after playing in the snow all day is	blanket.
one thing you might do to make yourself feel cozy after playing in the snow all day is	soup.
one thing every ups driver should have is	truck.
one thing every ups driver should have is	uniform.
one thing every ups driver should have is	clip board.
one thing every ups driver should have is	drivers license.
one thing every ups driver should have is	packages.
one thing every ups driver should have is	pen.
one piece of kids's play equipment that adults would probably hurt themselves using is	monkey bars.
one piece of kids's play equipment that adults would probably hurt themselves using is	slide.
one piece of kids's play equipment that adults would probably hurt themselves using is	swing.
one piece of kids's play equipment that adults would probably hurt themselves using is	merry go round.
one piece of kids's play equipment that adults would probably hurt themselves using is	seesaw.
one flower that comes in different colors is	rose.
one flower that comes in different colors is	orchid.
one flower that comes in different colors is	tulip.
one flower that comes in different colors is	iris.
one flower that comes in different colors is	carnation.
one flower that comes in different colors is	lily.
one thing a baby doesn't have that most adults do is	teeth.
one thing a baby doesn't have that most adults do is	hair.
one thing a baby doesn't have that most adults do is	car.
one thing a baby doesn't have that most adults do is	money.
one thing a baby doesn't have that most adults do is	job.
one thing a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble is	throw food.
one thing a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble is	burp.
one thing a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble is	play with food.
one thing a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble is	not finish food.
one thing a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble is	spit out food.
one thing a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble is	spill something.
one thing a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble is	eat with hands.
one type of store you'd find in just about all shopping malls is	clothing.
one type of store you'd find in just about all shopping malls is	department.
one thing you need coins to use is	laundromat.
one thing you need coins to use is	pay phone.
one thing you need coins to use is	parking meter.
one thing you need coins to use is	newspaper.
one thing you need coins to use is	vending machine.
one thing you need coins to use is	arcade game.
one extra you might pay more for at the gym is	personal trainer.
one extra you might pay more for at the gym is	massage.
one extra you might pay more for at the gym is	laundry service.
one extra you might pay more for at the gym is	food/ drink.
one extra you might pay more for at the gym is	pool access.
one extra you might pay more for at the gym is	tanning bed.
one extra you might pay more for at the gym is	locker room use.
one item you might see in a movie star's home that wouldn't be in yours is	academy awards.
one item you might see in a movie star's home that wouldn't be in yours is	maids.
one item you might see in a movie star's home that wouldn't be in yours is	home theatre.
one item you might see in a movie star's home that wouldn't be in yours is	swimming pool.
one item you might see in a movie star's home that wouldn't be in yours is	expensive artwork.
one item you might see in a movie star's home that wouldn't be in yours is	grand piano.
one thing you might see next to the cash register at a restaurant is	toothpicks.
one thing you might see next to the cash register at a restaurant is	mints.
one thing you might see next to the cash register at a restaurant is	chocolates.
one thing you might see next to the cash register at a restaurant is	credit card machine.
one thing you might see next to the cash register at a restaurant is	menu.
one thing you might see next to the cash register at a restaurant is	penny jar.
one method people use when deciding what lotto numbers they're going to play is	birthday.
one method people use when deciding what lotto numbers they're going to play is	address.
one method people use when deciding what lotto numbers they're going to play is	random numbers.
one method people use when deciding what lotto numbers they're going to play is	anniversary date.
one method people use when deciding what lotto numbers they're going to play is	id card number.
one thing you're more likely to see in australian than elsewhare is	kangaroo.
one thing you're more likely to see in australian than elsewhare is	koala.
one thing you're more likely to see in australian than elsewhare is	dingo.
one thing you're more likely to see in australian than elsewhare is	desert.
one celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon is	marilyn monroe.
one celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon is	elvis presley.
one celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon is	twiggy.
one celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon is	elizabeth taylor.
one celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon is	james dean.
one celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon is	jackie o.
one celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon is	audrey hepburn.
one thing a person might read everyday is	newspaper.
one thing a person might read everyday is	bible.
one thing that might be grape-flavored is	juice.
one thing that might be grape-flavored is	bubblegum.
one thing that might be grape-flavored is	soda.
one thing that might be grape-flavored is	jelly.
one thing that might be grape-flavored is	medicine.
one thing that might be grape-flavored is	lolipop.
one thing that might be grape-flavored is	ice cream.
one thing a person might buy to go with their motorcycle is	helmet.
one thing a person might buy to go with their motorcycle is	leather pants.
one thing a person might buy to go with their motorcycle is	leather jacket.
one thing a person might buy to go with their motorcycle is	sunglasses.
one thing you wouldn't want to discover in a hotel bed when checking into your room is	bugs/rodents.
one thing you wouldn't want to discover in a hotel bed when checking into your room is	other peoples' stuff.
one thing you wouldn't want to discover in a hotel bed when checking into your room is	dirty sheets.
one thing you wouldn't want to discover in a hotel bed when checking into your room is	hair.
one thing you wouldn't want to discover in a hotel bed when checking into your room is	a person.
one thing you can wear every day to feel like a superhero is	cape.
one thing you can wear every day to feel like a superhero is	tights.
one thing you can wear every day to feel like a superhero is	mask.
one thing you can wear every day to feel like a superhero is	weapon.
one thing that might come out of your nose when you laugh is	snot.
one thing that might come out of your nose when you laugh is	milk.
one thing that might come out of your nose when you laugh is	water.
one thing that might come out of your nose when you laugh is	soda.
one thing that might come out of your nose when you laugh is	breath.
one thing people need change in order to pay for is	laundry.
one thing people need change in order to pay for is	tolls.
one thing people need change in order to pay for is	parking.
one thing people need change in order to pay for is	soda/snacks.
one thing people need change in order to pay for is	pay phone calls.
one thing people need change in order to pay for is	car wash.
one animal that's usually not dangerous, but many people are afraid to touch is	dog.
one animal that's usually not dangerous, but many people are afraid to touch is	snake.
one animal that's usually not dangerous, but many people are afraid to touch is	skunk.
one animal that's usually not dangerous, but many people are afraid to touch is	frog.
one animal that's usually not dangerous, but many people are afraid to touch is	mouse.
one household chore that you do less frequently because its barely noticeable when its done is	dust.
one household chore that you do less frequently because its barely noticeable when its done is	vacuum.
one household chore that you do less frequently because its barely noticeable when its done is	sweep.
one household chore that you do less frequently because its barely noticeable when its done is	mop.
one household chore that you do less frequently because its barely noticeable when its done is	wipe windows.
one thing a dog owner might pay one person to do to their dog is	groom it.
one thing a dog owner might pay one person to do to their dog is	walk it.
one thing a dog owner might pay one person to do to their dog is	feed it.
one thing a dog owner might pay one person to do to their dog is	bathe it.
one thing a woman might suggest her husband do to improve his appearance is	shave.
one thing a woman might suggest her husband do to improve his appearance is	work out.
one thing a woman might suggest her husband do to improve his appearance is	new hairstyle.
one thing a woman might suggest her husband do to improve his appearance is	dress up.
one thing college roommates might argue about is	cleaning.
one thing college roommates might argue about is	food.
one thing college roommates might argue about is	money.
one thing college roommates might argue about is	space.
one thing college roommates might argue about is	music.
one thing college roommates might argue about is	bedtime.
one place youd visit more often if it wasnt so crowded there is	mall.
one place youd visit more often if it wasnt so crowded there is	zoo.
one place youd visit more often if it wasnt so crowded there is	bar/club.
one place youd visit more often if it wasnt so crowded there is	disney world.
one place youd visit more often if it wasnt so crowded there is	beach.
one place youd visit more often if it wasnt so crowded there is	park.
one thing a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab is	purse/wallet.
one thing a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab is	cell phone.
one thing a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab is	coat.
one thing a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab is	keys.
one thing a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab is	briefcase/suitcase.
one thing a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab is	umbrella.
one thing a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab is	shopping bags.
one thing you eat that can be described as juicy is	orange.
one thing you eat that can be described as juicy is	peach.
one thing you eat that can be described as juicy is	steak.
one thing you eat that can be described as juicy is	apple.
one thing you eat that can be described as juicy is	hamburger.
one thing of yours that a snoop might try to get access to is	diary.
one thing of yours that a snoop might try to get access to is	bank account.
one thing of yours that a snoop might try to get access to is	computer.
one thing of yours that a snoop might try to get access to is	password.
one thing of yours that a snoop might try to get access to is	mail.
one decoration you might find inside a mexican restaurant is	sombrero.
one decoration you might find inside a mexican restaurant is	pinata.
one decoration you might find inside a mexican restaurant is	maracas.
one place a baby sticks his fingers that he's not supposed to is	socket.
one place a baby sticks his fingers that he's not supposed to is	nose.
one place a baby sticks his fingers that he's not supposed to is	mouth.
one place a baby sticks his fingers that he's not supposed to is	light switch.
one place a baby sticks his fingers that he's not supposed to is	ear.
one thing a boss might ask his secretary to remind him of is	appointments.
one thing a boss might ask his secretary to remind him of is	wife's birthday.
one thing a boss might ask his secretary to remind him of is	anniversary.
one thing a boss might ask his secretary to remind him of is	calls.
one thing a boss might ask his secretary to remind him of is	lunch.
one type of service person who you never know how much to tip is	server.
one type of service person who you never know how much to tip is	valet service.
one type of service person who you never know how much to tip is	hairdresser.
one type of service person who you never know how much to tip is	taxi driver.
one type of service person who you never know how much to tip is	bartender.
one type of service person who you never know how much to tip is	bellhop.
one way a kid might get around town is	bike.
one way a kid might get around town is	bus.
one way a kid might get around town is	parents.
one way a kid might get around town is	walking.
one way a kid might get around town is	scooter.
one way a kid might get around town is	skateboard.
one movie based on a tv show or skit is	charlie's angels.
one movie based on a tv show or skit is	bewitched.
one movie based on a tv show or skit is	wayne's world.
one movie based on a tv show or skit is	duke's of hazzard.
one movie based on a tv show or skit is	brady bunch.
one movie based on a tv show or skit is	starsky and hutch.
one movie based on a tv show or skit is	blues brothers.
one thing a real estate agent needs to do his job is	homes for sale.
one thing a real estate agent needs to do his job is	car.
one thing a real estate agent needs to do his job is	clients.
one thing a real estate agent needs to do his job is	advertisement.
one thing a real estate agent needs to do his job is	good attitude.
one specific occupation where they wear sneakers is	basketball player.
one specific occupation where they wear sneakers is	coach.
one specific occupation where they wear sneakers is	tennis player.
one specific occupation where they wear sneakers is	nurse.
one specific occupation where they wear sneakers is	runner.
one thing donald duck does that most ducks don't is	talks.
one thing donald duck does that most ducks don't is	wears clothes.
one thing donald duck does that most ducks don't is	throws tantrums.
one thing donald duck does that most ducks don't is	walks upright.
one woman in a man's life who his wife might not get along with is	mother.
one woman in a man's life who his wife might not get along with is	ex.
one woman in a man's life who his wife might not get along with is	administrative assistant.
one woman in a man's life who his wife might not get along with is	sister.
one woman in a man's life who his wife might not get along with is	female friend.
one woman in a man's life who his wife might not get along with is	daughter.
one reason why basements are often less cozy than the rest of a house is	cold.
one reason why basements are often less cozy than the rest of a house is	dark.
one reason why basements are often less cozy than the rest of a house is	cement floors.
one reason why basements are often less cozy than the rest of a house is	damp.
one reason why basements are often less cozy than the rest of a house is	creatures live there.
one country that usually does well in the olympics is	united states.
one country that usually does well in the olympics is	russia.
one country that usually does well in the olympics is	china.
one country that usually does well in the olympics is	england.
one country that usually does well in the olympics is	germany.
one sport that you can't play without a team is	football.
one sport that you can't play without a team is	baseball.
one sport that you can't play without a team is	soccer.
one sport that you can't play without a team is	hockey.
one person you only see once a year is	santa clause.
one person you only see once a year is	grandparents.
one person you only see once a year is	brother/sister.
one person you only see once a year is	cousins.
one person you only see once a year is	eye doctor.
one person you only see once a year is	aunt/uncle.
one kind of boat that doesn't have an engine is	sailboat.
one kind of boat that doesn't have an engine is	canoe.
one kind of boat that doesn't have an engine is	rowboat.
one kind of boat that doesn't have an engine is	paddleboat.
one kind of boat that doesn't have an engine is	raft.
one kind of boat that doesn't have an engine is	barge.
one company that uses an animal in its logo is	mgm lion.
one company that uses an animal in its logo is	exxon tiger.
one company that uses an animal in its logo is	budweiser eagle.
one company that uses an animal in its logo is	energizer bunny.
one company that uses an animal in its logo is	rca dog.
one company that uses an animal in its logo is	walt disney mouse.
one thing youd find in a scientists lab is	test tubes.
one thing youd find in a scientists lab is	beakers.
one thing youd find in a scientists lab is	microscope.
one thing youd find in a scientists lab is	chemicals.
one thing youd find in a scientists lab is	bunsen burners.
one thing youd find in a scientists lab is	lab coat.
one thing youd find in a scientists lab is	goggles.
one thing people often leave in their house with a free sign on it is	furniture.
one thing people often leave in their house with a free sign on it is	clothes.
one thing people often leave in their house with a free sign on it is	kittens/puppies.
one thing people often leave in their house with a free sign on it is	tv.
one thing a friend should never ask about, no matter how well they know you is	romantic life.
one thing a friend should never ask about, no matter how well they know you is	weight.
one thing a friend should never ask about, no matter how well they know you is	financial situation.
one thing a friend should never ask about, no matter how well they know you is	age.
one thing you'd need if you were making pancakes is	flour.
one thing you'd need if you were making pancakes is	eggs.
one thing you'd need if you were making pancakes is	batter.
one thing adults buy that can be very small or very large is	tv.
one thing adults buy that can be very small or very large is	car/vehicle.
one thing adults buy that can be very small or very large is	house.
one thing adults buy that can be very small or very large is	oven.
one thing adults buy that can be very small or very large is	stereo/speakers.
one thing adults buy that can be very small or very large is	refrigerator.
one thing that keeps you from finishing a jigsaw puzzle is	missing piece.
one thing that keeps you from finishing a jigsaw puzzle is	time.
one thing that keeps you from finishing a jigsaw puzzle is	difficulty.
one thing that keeps you from finishing a jigsaw puzzle is	kids.
one thing that keeps you from finishing a jigsaw puzzle is	boredom.
one actor who also has a rock band is	keanu reeves.
one actor who also has a rock band is	jack black.
one place where it's hard to talk because of all the background noise is	concert.
one place where it's hard to talk because of all the background noise is	bar.
one place where it's hard to talk because of all the background noise is	sports game.
one place where it's hard to talk because of all the background noise is	mall.
one place where it's hard to talk because of all the background noise is	restaurant.
one thing you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belongs to elton john is	lots of glasses.
one thing you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belongs to elton john is	music.
one thing you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belongs to elton john is	pictures.
one thing you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belongs to elton john is	cds.
one word for one person who never does anything wrong is	perfectionist.
one word for one person who never does anything wrong is	saint.
one word for one person who never does anything wrong is	angel.
one word for one person who never does anything wrong is	do gooder.
one word for one person who never does anything wrong is	goody two shoes.
one thing you might bring to your kid's high school football game is	blanket.
one thing you might bring to your kid's high school football game is	snacks/drink.
one thing you might bring to your kid's high school football game is	warm clothes.
one thing you might bring to your kid's high school football game is	sign/banner.
one thing you might bring to your kid's high school football game is	chair/cushion.
one thing you might bring to your kid's high school football game is	horn.
one thing you might bring to your kid's high school football game is	camera.
one type of professional that you seldom see joking around is	lawyer.
one type of professional that you seldom see joking around is	doctor.
one type of professional that you seldom see joking around is	politician.
one type of professional that you seldom see joking around is	judge.
one type of professional that you seldom see joking around is	teacher.
one type of professional that you seldom see joking around is	police.
one type of professional that you seldom see joking around is	accountant.
one thing a child would say is too short is	hair.
one thing a child would say is too short is	summer vacation.
one thing a child would say is too short is	pants/clothing.
one thing a child would say is too short is	themselves.
one thing a child would say is too short is	recess/playtime.
one thing a child would say is too short is	bedtime story.
one thing it's probably much harder to do in outer space than it is on earth is	breathe.
one thing it's probably much harder to do in outer space than it is on earth is	walk.
one thing it's probably much harder to do in outer space than it is on earth is	go to the bathroom.
one thing it's probably much harder to do in outer space than it is on earth is	eat.
one thing you would wan't to run over with your lawnmower is	rocks.
one thing you would wan't to run over with your lawnmower is	animals.
one thing you would wan't to run over with your lawnmower is	poop.
one thing you would wan't to run over with your lawnmower is	hose.
one thing you would wan't to run over with your lawnmower is	toys.
one thing you would wan't to run over with your lawnmower is	sprinkler.
one day of the year that some people dont want to spend alone is	christmas.
one day of the year that some people dont want to spend alone is	valentine's day.
one day of the year that some people dont want to spend alone is	birthday.
one day of the year that some people dont want to spend alone is	new year eve's.
one thing that changes every year for a kid in elementary school is	teacher.
one thing that changes every year for a kid in elementary school is	grade.
one thing that changes every year for a kid in elementary school is	uniform/dress code.
one thing that changes every year for a kid in elementary school is	age.
one thing that changes every year for a kid in elementary school is	friends.
one thing that changes every year for a kid in elementary school is	textbooks.
one thing people compete over is	dates.
one thing people compete over is	sports.
one thing people compete over is	money.
one thing people compete over is	jobs.
one thing people compete over is	games.
one occupation where you work in a studio is	photographer.
one occupation where you work in a studio is	director.
one occupation where you work in a studio is	artist.
one occupation where you work in a studio is	actor.
one occupation where you work in a studio is	musician.
one occupation where you work in a studio is	screenwriter.
one job you might have if you worked at disneyworld is	costume character.
one job you might have if you worked at disneyworld is	ride operator.
one job you might have if you worked at disneyworld is	stage performer.
one job you might have if you worked at disneyworld is	ticket seller/taker.
one job you might have if you worked at disneyworld is	food vendor.
one thing you think america or americans waste money on is	war/weapons.
one thing you think america or americans waste money on is	lottery/ gambling.
one thing you think america or americans waste money on is	eating/drinking.
one thing you think america or americans waste money on is	cars/ gasoline.
one thing you think america or americans waste money on is	clothes/shoes.
one thing you think america or americans waste money on is	games/ toys.
one thing you think america or americans waste money on is	television.
one halloween costume that young girls often wear is	princess.
one halloween costume that young girls often wear is	witch.
one halloween costume that young girls often wear is	fairy.
one halloween costume that young girls often wear is	angel.
one reason you wouldn't want to live next door to a movie star is	paparazzi.
one reason you wouldn't want to live next door to a movie star is	loud parties.
one reason you wouldn't want to live next door to a movie star is	fans.
one occupation youd want just for the car is	limo driver.
one occupation youd want just for the car is	police officer.
one occupation youd want just for the car is	racecar driver.
one occupation youd want just for the car is	taxi driver.
one occupation youd want just for the car is	pizza driver.
one animal or person who might spend time in a tree is	tarzan.
one animal or person who might spend time in a tree is	bird watcher.
one animal or person who might spend time in a tree is	monkey.
one animal or person who might spend time in a tree is	tree trimmer.
one animal or person who might spend time in a tree is	bird.
one animal or person who might spend time in a tree is	firefighter.
one animal or person who might spend time in a tree is	child.
one thing a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need is	food.
one thing a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need is	television.
one thing a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need is	bathroom.
one thing a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need is	dishwasher.
one thing a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need is	microwave.
one thing a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need is	drinks.
one thing a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need is	bed.
one place where you may have to stand for a long time is	bank.
one place where you may have to stand for a long time is	dmv.
one place where you may have to stand for a long time is	concert.
one place where you may have to stand for a long time is	bus stop.
one place where you may have to stand for a long time is	amusement park.
one place where you may have to stand for a long time is	work.
one place where you may have to stand for a long time is	grocery checkout.
one body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer is	hands.
one body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer is	legs.
one body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer is	forearms.
one body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer is	head.
one body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer is	neck.
one body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer is	feet.
one body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer is	ears.
one thing dog owners probably wish their dogs never did is	go to the bathroom.
one thing dog owners probably wish their dogs never did is	bark.
one thing dog owners probably wish their dogs never did is	bite.
one thing dog owners probably wish their dogs never did is	shed.
one thing dog owners probably wish their dogs never did is	dig holes.
one big expense that some parents plan for years in advance is	child's education.
one big expense that some parents plan for years in advance is	child's wedding.
one big expense that some parents plan for years in advance is	retirement.
one big expense that some parents plan for years in advance is	buying a house.
one big expense that some parents plan for years in advance is	family vacation.
one thing you do while birdwatching that you might also do while hunting is	shoot(picture).
one thing you do while birdwatching that you might also do while hunting is	use binoculars.
one thing you do while birdwatching that you might also do while hunting is	be quiet.
one thing you do while birdwatching that you might also do while hunting is	hide.
one thing pregnant women do a lot of when theyre in labor is	scream.
one thing pregnant women do a lot of when theyre in labor is	breathe.
one thing pregnant women do a lot of when theyre in labor is	cry.
one thing pregnant women do a lot of when theyre in labor is	sweat.
one thing pregnant women do a lot of when theyre in labor is	clench hands.
one thing pregnant women do a lot of when theyre in labor is	curse.
one thing people might do with a rental car that they wouldn't do with their own car is	speed.
one thing people might do with a rental car that they wouldn't do with their own car is	not clean it.
one thing people might do with a rental car that they wouldn't do with their own car is	travel far.
one thing people might do with a rental car that they wouldn't do with their own car is	smoke in it.
one thing people might do with a rental car that they wouldn't do with their own car is	crash it.
one thing people might do with a rental car that they wouldn't do with their own car is	drive recklessly.
one thing many teens want to do before their parents think they are ready is	drive.
one thing many teens want to do before their parents think they are ready is	date.
one thing many teens want to do before their parents think they are ready is	move out.
one thing many teens want to do before their parents think they are ready is	wear makeup.
one article of clothing some women try to wear as tight as possible is	jeans/pants.
one article of clothing some women try to wear as tight as possible is	skirts.
one article of clothing some women try to wear as tight as possible is	shirts.
one expression little kids use when they have to go to thebathroom is	i have to go pee pee.
one expression little kids use when they have to go to thebathroom is	i have to go potty.
one expression little kids use when they have to go to thebathroom is	poo poo.
one expression little kids use when they have to go to thebathroom is	got to go tinkle.
one reason why you might offer your bus seat to one person else is	elderly.
one reason why you might offer your bus seat to one person else is	pregnant.
one reason why you might offer your bus seat to one person else is	disability.
one reason why you might offer your bus seat to one person else is	hands full.
one thing people often skip is	lunch/meals.
one thing people often skip is	school.
one thing people often skip is	stones.
one weather condition you hate to drive in is	snow.
one weather condition you hate to drive in is	rain.
one weather condition you hate to drive in is	icy roads.
one weather condition you hate to drive in is	sleet/ hail.
one weather condition you hate to drive in is	fog.
one person youd hate to show up late at your wedding is	groom.
one person youd hate to show up late at your wedding is	bride.
one person youd hate to show up late at your wedding is	clergy.
one person youd hate to show up late at your wedding is	best man.
one person youd hate to show up late at your wedding is	father.
one animal you see in the woods that you would be surprised to see in the city is	bear.
one animal you see in the woods that you would be surprised to see in the city is	deer.
one animal you see in the woods that you would be surprised to see in the city is	wolf.
one animal you see in the woods that you would be surprised to see in the city is	fox.
one animal you see in the woods that you would be surprised to see in the city is	mountain lion.
one thing that gets activated by water is	soap.
one thing that gets activated by water is	yeast.
one thing that gets activated by water is	coffee/ tea.
one thing that gets activated by water is	kool aid.
one thing that gets activated by water is	sea monkeys.
one word that people use to avoid swearing is	darn.
one word that people use to avoid swearing is	shoot.
one word that people use to avoid swearing is	dang.
one word that people use to avoid swearing is	fudge.
one word that people use to avoid swearing is	gosh.
one reason why a person who has a car would call a cab is	been drinking.
one reason why a person who has a car would call a cab is	car trouble.
one reason why a person who has a car would call a cab is	bad weather.
one reason why a person who has a car would call a cab is	going to airport.
one thing you'd probably find in a baby's bedroom is	crib.
one thing you'd probably find in a baby's bedroom is	diapers.
one thing you'd probably find in a baby's bedroom is	changing table.
one thing our ancient ancestors might have danced to celebrate is	rain.
one thing our ancient ancestors might have danced to celebrate is	wedding.
one thing our ancient ancestors might have danced to celebrate is	birth.
one thing our ancient ancestors might have danced to celebrate is	finding food.
one thing a bad golfer often runs out of is	golf balls.
one thing a bad golfer often runs out of is	tees.
one thing a bad golfer often runs out of is	patience.
one thing a bad golfer often runs out of is	clubs.
one thing a bad golfer often runs out of is	energy.
one reason why a man might seem too immature to date is	younger man.
one reason why a man might seem too immature to date is	lives with parents.
one reason why a man might seem too immature to date is	no job.
one reason why a man might seem too immature to date is	no car.
one reason why a man might seem too immature to date is	goofs around.
one reason why a man might seem too immature to date is	no money.
one reason why a man might seem too immature to date is	baby face.
one person you wouldn't want to get tipsy in front of is	parent.
one person you wouldn't want to get tipsy in front of is	boss.
one person you wouldn't want to get tipsy in front of is	pastor.
one person you wouldn't want to get tipsy in front of is	police officer.
one person you wouldn't want to get tipsy in front of is	in laws.
one thing that a germaphobe would hate to share is	food/drink.
one thing that a germaphobe would hate to share is	bathroom.
one thing that a germaphobe would hate to share is	lip balm/makeup.
one thing that a germaphobe would hate to share is	tooth brush.
one thing that a germaphobe would hate to share is	towel/washcloth.
one thing that a germaphobe would hate to share is	comb/brush.
one thing that a germaphobe would hate to share is	headphones.
one thing that politicians would be better off without is	big promises.
one thing that politicians would be better off without is	money/donors.
one thing that politicians would be better off without is	scandal.
one thing that politicians would be better off without is	media.
one thing that politicians would be better off without is	power/control.
one thing you eat that comes with sauce is	spaghetti.
one thing you eat that comes with sauce is	pizza.
one thing you eat that comes with sauce is	chicken nuggets.
one thing you eat that comes with sauce is	fries.
one place where theres often a line for the womens restroom is	bar.
one place where theres often a line for the womens restroom is	concert.
one place where theres often a line for the womens restroom is	mall.
one place where theres often a line for the womens restroom is	restaurant.
one place where theres often a line for the womens restroom is	movie theatre.
one thing you do at the library is	read.
one thing you do at the library is	study.
one thing you do at the library is	check out books.
one thing you do at the library is	research.
one thing you do at the library is	use a computer.
one thing you do at the library is	make photocopies.
one place where people wear very little clothing during the winter is	vacation.
one place where people wear very little clothing during the winter is	home.
one place where people wear very little clothing during the winter is	gym.
one type of contest you might enter at a county fair is	eating.
one type of contest you might enter at a county fair is	cooking.
one type of contest you might enter at a county fair is	beauty.
one type of contest you might enter at a county fair is	singing.
one game adults play at a bbq party is	poker.
one game adults play at a bbq party is	horseshoes.
one game adults play at a bbq party is	volleyball.
one game adults play at a bbq party is	baseball.
one game adults play at a bbq party is	football.
one thing that is known for producing a lot of offspring is	rabbit.
one thing that is known for producing a lot of offspring is	humans.
one thing that is known for producing a lot of offspring is	cats.
one thing that is known for producing a lot of offspring is	frogs.
one thing that is known for producing a lot of offspring is	dogs.
one thing that is known for producing a lot of offspring is	flowers.
one gift that adults often give to each other that would be weird to give a kid is	flowers.
one gift that adults often give to each other that would be weird to give a kid is	alcohol.
one gift that adults often give to each other that would be weird to give a kid is	money.
one gift that adults often give to each other that would be weird to give a kid is	jewelry.
one gift that adults often give to each other that would be weird to give a kid is	perfume.
one us city known for having great weather is	miami.
one us city known for having great weather is	san diego.
one us city known for having great weather is	phoenix.
one us city known for having great weather is	los angeles.
one us city known for having great weather is	san francisco.
one us city known for having great weather is	jacksonville.
one specific way that you wish your life were like a hollywood movie is	have lots of money.
one specific way that you wish your life were like a hollywood movie is	find true love.
one specific way that you wish your life were like a hollywood movie is	live in nice house.
one specific way that you wish your life were like a hollywood movie is	lots of drama.
one specific way that you wish your life were like a hollywood movie is	happy ending.
one thing specific that piles up before you can get to it is	laundry.
one thing specific that piles up before you can get to it is	bills.
one thing specific that piles up before you can get to it is	dishes.
one thing specific that piles up before you can get to it is	trash.
one thing specific that piles up before you can get to it is	mail.
one thing specific that piles up before you can get to it is	leaves.
one thing specific that piles up before you can get to it is	snow.
one animal with really long legs is	giraffe.
one animal with really long legs is	ostrich.
one animal with really long legs is	frog.
one animal with really long legs is	horse.
one animal with really long legs is	gazelle.
one animal with really long legs is	camel.
one thing specific you often run out of space to write on is	check.
one thing specific you often run out of space to write on is	greeting card.
one thing specific you often run out of space to write on is	post it note.
one thing specific you often run out of space to write on is	hand.
one thing specific you often run out of space to write on is	envelope.
one thing specific you often run out of space to write on is	notebook page.
one thing specific you often run out of space to write on is	application.
one thing you squeeze before you buy it is	tomatoes.
one thing you squeeze before you buy it is	melon.
one thing you squeeze before you buy it is	bread.
one thing you squeeze before you buy it is	orange.
one thing you squeeze before you buy it is	toilet paper.
one thing you squeeze before you buy it is	lemon.
one public place you immediately want to wash your hands immediately after leaving is	hospital.
one public place you immediately want to wash your hands immediately after leaving is	restaurant.
one public place you immediately want to wash your hands immediately after leaving is	zoo.
one public place you immediately want to wash your hands immediately after leaving is	shopping center.
one public place you immediately want to wash your hands immediately after leaving is	bar.
one public place you immediately want to wash your hands immediately after leaving is	gas station.
one state that many people live in when they retire is	florida.
one state that many people live in when they retire is	california.
one state that many people live in when they retire is	arizona.
one state that many people live in when they retire is	hawaii.
one state that many people live in when they retire is	texas.
one thing you do on christmas and your birthday is	gifts.
one thing you do on christmas and your birthday is	eat sweets.
one thing you do on christmas and your birthday is	party.
one thing you do on christmas and your birthday is	time with family.
one thing you do on christmas and your birthday is	sing.
one reason a person might complain about a cup of coffee that's served to them is	cold.
one reason a person might complain about a cup of coffee that's served to them is	weak.
one desert that's sold in plastic packages is	cookies.
one desert that's sold in plastic packages is	snack cake.
one desert that's sold in plastic packages is	pudding.
one desert that's sold in plastic packages is	ice cream.
one thing you do to keep yourself from laughing is	hold breath.
one thing you do to keep yourself from laughing is	cover mouth.
one thing you do to keep yourself from laughing is	bite lip.
one thing you do to keep yourself from laughing is	think of something sad.
one thing you do to keep yourself from laughing is	look away.
one thing you do to keep yourself from laughing is	pinch yourself.
one place that you wish you had the nerve to go alone is	haunted house.
one place that you wish you had the nerve to go alone is	cemetry.
one place that you wish you had the nerve to go alone is	wedding.
one place that you wish you had the nerve to go alone is	restaurant.
one place that you wish you had the nerve to go alone is	woods.
one place that you wish you had the nerve to go alone is	bar.
one thing in a beach bag, that's not in most purses is	towel.
one thing in a beach bag, that's not in most purses is	sunscreen.
one thing in a beach bag, that's not in most purses is	beach toys.
one thing in a beach bag, that's not in most purses is	sandals.
one thing you might adjust when you get into a rental car is	seat.
one thing you might adjust when you get into a rental car is	mirrors.
one sport in which the announcers get as excited as the fans is	baseball.
one sport in which the announcers get as excited as the fans is	hockey.
one sport in which the announcers get as excited as the fans is	basketball.
one sport in which the announcers get as excited as the fans is	soccer.
one sport in which the announcers get as excited as the fans is	boxing.
one popular new year's resolution is	lose weight.
one popular new year's resolution is	quit smoking.
one thing you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town is	bowtie.
one thing you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town is	name tag/ badge.
one thing you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town is	cap/ visor.
one thing you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town is	apron.
one thing you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town is	work boots.
one thing you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town is	hard hat.
one thing you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town is	hairnet.
one meal that most people can make without a recipe is	eggs.
one meal that most people can make without a recipe is	spaghetti.
one meal that most people can make without a recipe is	mac and cheese.
one meal that most people can make without a recipe is	pizza.
one activity that you wear comfortable shoes for is	running.
one activity that you wear comfortable shoes for is	walking.
one activity that you wear comfortable shoes for is	dancing.
one activity that you wear comfortable shoes for is	sports.
one activity that you wear comfortable shoes for is	exercise.
one activity that you wear comfortable shoes for is	shopping.
one of santa's reindeer is	rudolph.
one of santa's reindeer is	blitzen.
one thing a pizza delivery person hates about their job is	bad tips.
one thing a pizza delivery person hates about their job is	dogs.
one thing a pizza delivery person hates about their job is	driving.
one thing a pizza delivery person hates about their job is	bad area.
one thing a pizza delivery person hates about their job is	finding house.
one thing a pizza delivery person hates about their job is	delivering.
one thing an amusement park has a lot of is	rides.
one thing an amusement park has a lot of is	people.
one thing an amusement park has a lot of is	games/prizes.
one thing an amusement park has a lot of is	junk food.
one thing an amusement park has a lot of is	rest rooms.
one thing an amusement park has a lot of is	lines.
one thing that goes up and down is	elevator.
one thing that goes up and down is	temperature.
one thing that's used to pave a driveway is	cement.
one thing that's used to pave a driveway is	asphalt.
one thing that's used to pave a driveway is	steam roller.
one thing that's used to pave a driveway is	water.
one thing a baby does that would be considered flirting if an adult did it is	blow kisses.
one thing a baby does that would be considered flirting if an adult did it is	smile.
one thing a baby does that would be considered flirting if an adult did it is	bat eyelashes.
one thing a baby does that would be considered flirting if an adult did it is	giggle.
one thing a baby does that would be considered flirting if an adult did it is	coo.
one activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home is	read.
one activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home is	sing.
one activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home is	coloring books.
one activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home is	sleep.
one activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home is	watch tv.
one activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home is	eat.
one activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home is	play games.
one thing you'd need in order to play a game of basketball is	basketball.
one thing you'd need in order to play a game of basketball is	hoop.
one thing you'd need in order to play a game of basketball is	court.
one thing you'd need in order to play a game of basketball is	players.
one article of clothing you are constantly buying more of is	socks.
one article of clothing you are constantly buying more of is	underware.
one article of clothing you are constantly buying more of is	shoes.
one article of clothing you are constantly buying more of is	t shirts.
one thing you might see at a crime scene is	blood.
one thing you might see at a crime scene is	police.
one thing you might see at a crime scene is	body.
one thing you might see at a crime scene is	yellow tape.
one thing you might see at a crime scene is	chalk outline.
one thing you might see at a crime scene is	dog.
one thing you might see at a crime scene is	police car.
one thing you put in your mouth but don't swallow is	gum.
one thing you put in your mouth but don't swallow is	toothpaste.
one thing you put in your mouth but don't swallow is	mouothwash.
one thing you put in your mouth but don't swallow is	hard candy/sucker.
one thing that gets in your eye and irritates it is	dust.
one thing that gets in your eye and irritates it is	dirt.
one thing that gets in your eye and irritates it is	eyelash.
one thing that gets in your eye and irritates it is	bug.
one thing that gets in your eye and irritates it is	soap.
one thing that gets in your eye and irritates it is	smoke.
one thing kids look forward to is	vacation.
one thing kids look forward to is	christmas.
one thing kids look forward to is	birthday.
one thing kids look forward to is	gifts.
one thing kids look forward to is	recess.
one thing parents warn their children not to get their fingers caught in is	door.
one thing parents warn their children not to get their fingers caught in is	fan.
one thing parents warn their children not to get their fingers caught in is	outlet.
one thing parents warn their children not to get their fingers caught in is	cookie jar.
one thing people usually keep from high school is	yearbook.
one thing people usually keep from high school is	class ring.
one thing people usually keep from high school is	diploma.
one thing people usually keep from high school is	pictures.
one thing people usually keep from high school is	books.
one thing people usually keep from high school is	cap and tassel.
one way people warm themselves up when they're cold is	blanket.
one way people warm themselves up when they're cold is	put on jacket.
one way people warm themselves up when they're cold is	rub hands together.
one way people warm themselves up when they're cold is	extra clothes.
one way people warm themselves up when they're cold is	cuddle.
one way people warm themselves up when they're cold is	fireplace.
one way people warm themselves up when they're cold is	drink hot chocolate.
one thing that gets rolled out is	red carpet.
one thing that gets rolled out is	dough.
one thing that gets rolled out is	yoga mat.
one thing that gets rolled out is	sleeping bag.
one thing that gets rolled out is	5.
one thing you might do to keep your house cool on a hot day is	air conditioning.
one thing you might do to keep your house cool on a hot day is	turn on the fan.
one thing you might do to keep your house cool on a hot day is	close blinds.
one thing you might do to keep your house cool on a hot day is	open windows.
one thing you might replace if you are remodeling your bathroom is	toilet.
one thing you might replace if you are remodeling your bathroom is	sink.
one thing you might replace if you are remodeling your bathroom is	bathtub.
one thing you might replace if you are remodeling your bathroom is	tiles/floor.
one us city where it snows a lot during the holidays is	chicago.
one us city where it snows a lot during the holidays is	new york.
one us city where it snows a lot during the holidays is	minniapolis.
one us city where it snows a lot during the holidays is	denver.
one us city where it snows a lot during the holidays is	buffalo.
one us city where it snows a lot during the holidays is	boston.
one us city where it snows a lot during the holidays is	detroit.
one occupation where the workdays are made worse by nasty weather is	construction.
one occupation where the workdays are made worse by nasty weather is	mail carrier.
one occupation where the workdays are made worse by nasty weather is	traffic cop.
one occupation where the workdays are made worse by nasty weather is	bus/truck driver.
one occupation where the workdays are made worse by nasty weather is	pilot.
one thing that you have to do sometimes that billionaire has probably never done is	low end job.
one thing that you have to do sometimes that billionaire has probably never done is	clean/laundry.
one thing that you have to do sometimes that billionaire has probably never done is	borrow money.
one thing that you have to do sometimes that billionaire has probably never done is	fly economy.
one thing that you have to do sometimes that billionaire has probably never done is	buy used.
one thing that you have to do sometimes that billionaire has probably never done is	clip coupons.
one office supply that you'd be surprised to see on your kid's list of school supplies is	computer.
one office supply that you'd be surprised to see on your kid's list of school supplies is	stapler.
one office supply that you'd be surprised to see on your kid's list of school supplies is	copier/fax.
one office supply that you'd be surprised to see on your kid's list of school supplies is	envelopes.
one office supply that you'd be surprised to see on your kid's list of school supplies is	paper clips.
one thing santa does that you wouldnt want your house guests to do is	come down chimney.
one thing santa does that you wouldnt want your house guests to do is	eat your cookies.
one thing santa does that you wouldnt want your house guests to do is	arrive late at nite.
one salad that's not green is	pasta salad.
one salad that's not green is	potato salad.
one salad that's not green is	fruit salad.
one salad that's not green is	taco salad.
one salad that's not green is	egg salad.
one reason why parents say that childhood is better than adulthood is	no bills.
one reason why parents say that childhood is better than adulthood is	no work.
one reason why parents say that childhood is better than adulthood is	no worries.
one reason why parents say that childhood is better than adulthood is	more fun/playing.
one reason why parents say that childhood is better than adulthood is	no resposibility.
one thing people try to squeeze into (more specific than "clothes") is	jeans.
one thing people try to squeeze into (more specific than "clothes") is	gown.
one thing people try to squeeze into (more specific than "clothes") is	car.
one thing people try to squeeze into (more specific than "clothes") is	elevator.
one us city that probably has a lot of single people is	new york.
one us city that probably has a lot of single people is	los angeles.
one us city that probably has a lot of single people is	san francisco.
one us city that probably has a lot of single people is	las vegas.
one us city that probably has a lot of single people is	boston.
one thing a married couple saves from their wedding day is	cake top.
one thing a married couple saves from their wedding day is	pictures.
one thing a married couple saves from their wedding day is	ring.
one thing a married couple saves from their wedding day is	dress.
one thing a married couple saves from their wedding day is	matchbook.
one thing a married couple saves from their wedding day is	flowers.
one thing a parent might miss about their younger years is	freedom/ time alone.
one thing a parent might miss about their younger years is	dating.
one thing a parent might miss about their younger years is	youthful appearance.
one thing a parent might miss about their younger years is	more friends.
one thing a parent might miss about their younger years is	going to school.
one thing a parent might miss about their younger years is	having energy.
one thing a parent might miss about their younger years is	fewer bills.
one board game that takes a long time to play is	monopoly.
one board game that takes a long time to play is	chess.
one board game that takes a long time to play is	scrabble.
one board game that takes a long time to play is	risk.
one board game that takes a long time to play is	life.
one christmas show that is on tv every year is	rudolph.
one christmas show that is on tv every year is	christmas story.
one christmas show that is on tv every year is	frosty.
one christmas show that is on tv every year is	grinch.
one christmas show that is on tv every year is	a wonderful life.
one christmas show that is on tv every year is	home alone.
one thing people put on the outside of their car is	wax.
one thing people put on the outside of their car is	sticker.
one thing people put on the outside of their car is	license plate.
one thing people put on the outside of their car is	cover.
one thing people put on the outside of their car is	antenna.
one complaint a pregnant women might have is	clothes don't fit.
one complaint a pregnant women might have is	back pain.
one complaint a pregnant women might have is	hungry.
one complaint a pregnant women might have is	tired.
one complaint a pregnant women might have is	morning sickness.
one complaint a pregnant women might have is	swollen feet.
one complaint a pregnant women might have is	cramps.
one image that's often used in ads at thanksgiving is	turkey.
one image that's often used in ads at thanksgiving is	family dinner.
one image that's often used in ads at thanksgiving is	pilgrims.
one image that's often used in ads at thanksgiving is	native americans.
one image that's often used in ads at thanksgiving is	cornucopia.
one drink you get at a cafe that most people can't make at home is	latte.
one drink you get at a cafe that most people can't make at home is	capuccino.
one drink you get at a cafe that most people can't make at home is	espresso.
one drink you get at a cafe that most people can't make at home is	frappe.
one drink you get at a cafe that most people can't make at home is	mocha.
one drink you get at a cafe that most people can't make at home is	coffee.
one reason why a dog barks is	stranger at door.
one reason why a dog barks is	hungry.
one reason why a dog barks is	sees a cat.
one reason why a dog barks is	hears a loud noise.
one reason why a dog barks is	sees another dog.
one place where a teenager wouldn't want to be seen with their parent is	mall.
one place where a teenager wouldn't want to be seen with their parent is	school.
one place where a teenager wouldn't want to be seen with their parent is	movie theatre.
one place where a teenager wouldn't want to be seen with their parent is	party.
one thing that happens to the furniture of a person who owns pets is	many scratches.
one thing that happens to the furniture of a person who owns pets is	strong smells.
one thing that happens to the furniture of a person who owns pets is	hair all over.
one thing that happens to the furniture of a person who owns pets is	lots of stains.
one thing that happens to the furniture of a person who owns pets is	chewed up.
one person you wouldn't want to see you nude is	mom.
one person you wouldn't want to see you nude is	dad.
one person you wouldn't want to see you nude is	boss.
one person you wouldn't want to see you nude is	grandma.
one person you wouldn't want to see you nude is	kids.
one person you wouldn't want to see you nude is	sibling.
one food almost everyone knows how to make is	eggs.
one food almost everyone knows how to make is	hamburger.
one food almost everyone knows how to make is	spaghetti.
one food almost everyone knows how to make is	macaroni & cheese.
one food almost everyone knows how to make is	peanut butter & jelly.
one food almost everyone knows how to make is	chicken.
one food almost everyone knows how to make is	cereal.
one thing you see on a christmas wreath is	bow.
one thing you see on a christmas wreath is	holly/ berries.
one thing you see on a christmas wreath is	lights.
one thing you see on a christmas wreath is	bells.
one thing you see on a christmas wreath is	pine cones.
one animal thats blackandwhite is	zebra.
one animal thats blackandwhite is	skunk.
one animal thats blackandwhite is	panda bear.
one animal thats blackandwhite is	cow.
one animal thats blackandwhite is	penguin.
one thing the government knows about you but you wouldnt talk to a coworker about is	income.
one thing the government knows about you but you wouldnt talk to a coworker about is	tax information.
one thing the government knows about you but you wouldnt talk to a coworker about is	social security.
one thing the government knows about you but you wouldnt talk to a coworker about is	criminal record.
one thing the government knows about you but you wouldnt talk to a coworker about is	debt.
one complaint people might have about their teeth is	not white enough.
one complaint people might have about their teeth is	hurt.
one complaint people might have about their teeth is	crooked.
one complaint people might have about their teeth is	cavity.
the first thing youd say to the other driver after a fender bender is	sorry.
the first thing youd say to the other driver after a fender bender is	are you ok.
the first thing youd say to the other driver after a fender bender is	have insurance.
the first thing youd say to the other driver after a fender bender is	curse word.
the first thing youd say to the other driver after a fender bender is	what were you doing.
one muscular celebrity who would probably have trouble finding clothes in his size is	arnold schwarzenegger.
one muscular celebrity who would probably have trouble finding clothes in his size is	the rock.
one muscular celebrity who would probably have trouble finding clothes in his size is	vin diesel.
one muscular celebrity who would probably have trouble finding clothes in his size is	hulk hogan.
your favorite type of girl scout cookie is	thin mint.
your favorite type of girl scout cookie is	peanut butter patty.
your favorite type of girl scout cookie is	chocolate chip.
your favorite type of girl scout cookie is	short bread.
your favorite type of girl scout cookie is	caramel delight.
your favorite type of girl scout cookie is	lemon chalet creme.
one thing a celebrity hopes wont happen while on stage to accept an award is	fall.
one thing a celebrity hopes wont happen while on stage to accept an award is	forget speech.
one thing a celebrity hopes wont happen while on stage to accept an award is	loose voice.
one thing a celebrity hopes wont happen while on stage to accept an award is	faint.
one thing a celebrity hopes wont happen while on stage to accept an award is	cry.
one thing a celebrity hopes wont happen while on stage to accept an award is	drop award.
one specific food that doctors tell patients to cut down on is	red meat.
one specific food that doctors tell patients to cut down on is	fried food.
one specific food that doctors tell patients to cut down on is	sweets.
one specific food that doctors tell patients to cut down on is	pizza.
one specific food that doctors tell patients to cut down on is	eggs.
one specific food that doctors tell patients to cut down on is	butter.
one thing your parents look for in your date although you may not is	money.
one thing your parents look for in your date although you may not is	social graces.
one thing your parents look for in your date although you may not is	good job.
one thing your parents look for in your date although you may not is	appearance.
one thing your parents look for in your date although you may not is	maturity.
one thing your parents look for in your date although you may not is	well dressed.
one thing your parents look for in your date although you may not is	education.
one food that smells good when it's cooking is	cake.
one food that smells good when it's cooking is	cookies.
one food that smells good when it's cooking is	bread.
one food that smells good when it's cooking is	chicken.
one food that smells good when it's cooking is	pie.
one food that smells good when it's cooking is	beef.
one food that smells good when it's cooking is	ribs.
one food that you become very thirsty while eating is	chips.
one food that you become very thirsty while eating is	popcorn.
one food that you become very thirsty while eating is	peanuts.
one food that you become very thirsty while eating is	pizza.
one food that you become very thirsty while eating is	crackers.
one food that you become very thirsty while eating is	ice cream.
one thing you might see in a beauty shop is	hair dryer.
one thing you might see in a beauty shop is	scissors.
one thing you might see in a beauty shop is	make up.
one thing you might see in a beauty shop is	salon chairs.
one thing you might see in a beauty shop is	shampoo.
one thing you might see in a beauty shop is	women.
one thing runners do right after they finish a marathon is	drink water.
one thing runners do right after they finish a marathon is	rest.
one thing runners do right after they finish a marathon is	celebrate.
one thing runners do right after they finish a marathon is	walk around.
one thing runners do right after they finish a marathon is	eat.
one breed of dog that everyone has heard of is	poodle.
one breed of dog that everyone has heard of is	pit bull.
one breed of dog that everyone has heard of is	german shepherd.
one breed of dog that everyone has heard of is	labrador.
one breed of dog that everyone has heard of is	collie.
one breed of dog that everyone has heard of is	dalmation.
one symptom that would cause you to say "i think i'm coming down with something" is	runny nose.
one symptom that would cause you to say "i think i'm coming down with something" is	coughing.
one symptom that would cause you to say "i think i'm coming down with something" is	sneezing.
one symptom that would cause you to say "i think i'm coming down with something" is	fever.
one symptom that would cause you to say "i think i'm coming down with something" is	sore throat.
one symptom that would cause you to say "i think i'm coming down with something" is	stuffy head.
one thing very old that you find at many museums is	dinosaur bones.
one thing very old that you find at many museums is	mummy.
one thing very old that you find at many museums is	paintings.
one thing very old that you find at many museums is	statues.
one thing very old that you find at many museums is	fossils.
one color a teenager might dye her hair that would annoy her parents is	green.
one color a teenager might dye her hair that would annoy her parents is	blue.
one color a teenager might dye her hair that would annoy her parents is	pink.
one good job for one person who asks a lot of questions is	lawyer.
one good job for one person who asks a lot of questions is	reporter.
one good job for one person who asks a lot of questions is	telemarketer.
one good job for one person who asks a lot of questions is	doctor.
one good job for one person who asks a lot of questions is	detective.
one good job for one person who asks a lot of questions is	teacher.
one good job for one person who asks a lot of questions is	therapist.
one advantage of working at home is	spend time with kids.
one advantage of working at home is	set own hours.
one advantage of working at home is	dress casual.
one advantage of working at home is	sleep in.
one advantage of working at home is	rest.
one advantage of working at home is	no boss.
one thing a girl would need if she wanted to impersonate an elderly woman is	grey wig.
one thing a girl would need if she wanted to impersonate an elderly woman is	cane.
one thing a girl would need if she wanted to impersonate an elderly woman is	glasses.
one thing a girl would need if she wanted to impersonate an elderly woman is	old dress.
one thing a girl would need if she wanted to impersonate an elderly woman is	shawl/scarf.
one thing a girl would need if she wanted to impersonate an elderly woman is	handbag.
one thing a family might do on vacation at a winter lodge is	ski.
one thing a family might do on vacation at a winter lodge is	sled.
one thing a family might do on vacation at a winter lodge is	ice skate.
one thing a family might do on vacation at a winter lodge is	snowboard.
one thing a family might do on vacation at a winter lodge is	sit by fire.
one thing cheesy people do in family portraits is	wide smile.
one thing cheesy people do in family portraits is	bunny ears.
one thing cheesy people do in family portraits is	make faces.
one thing cheesy people do in family portraits is	pose.
one thing cheesy people do in family portraits is	dress alike.
the time of night when it's too late to call one person's house is	10.
the time of night when it's too late to call one person's house is	12.
the time of night when it's too late to call one person's house is	11.
the time of night when it's too late to call one person's house is	9.
one food that dogs love just as much as humans do(meat is not an answer, be more specific) is	steak.
one food that dogs love just as much as humans do(meat is not an answer, be more specific) is	chicken.
one food that dogs love just as much as humans do(meat is not an answer, be more specific) is	bread.
one food that dogs love just as much as humans do(meat is not an answer, be more specific) is	hamburger.
one food that dogs love just as much as humans do(meat is not an answer, be more specific) is	cheese.
one thing that a germophobe would hate to share is	food/drink.
one thing that a germophobe would hate to share is	bathroom.
one thing that a germophobe would hate to share is	lip balm/makeup.
one thing that a germophobe would hate to share is	toothbrush.
one thing that a germophobe would hate to share is	towel/washcloth.
one thing that a germophobe would hate to share is	comb/brush.
one thing that a germophobe would hate to share is	headphones.
one vegetable that has an unmistakable smell when cooking is	onion.
one vegetable that has an unmistakable smell when cooking is	cabbage.
one vegetable that has an unmistakable smell when cooking is	broccoli.
one vegetable that has an unmistakable smell when cooking is	garlic.
one vegetable that has an unmistakable smell when cooking is	asparagus.
one vegetable that has an unmistakable smell when cooking is	corn.
one thing you find on a fast food burger is	beef.
one thing you find on a fast food burger is	ketchup.
one thing you find on a fast food burger is	mustard.
one thing you find on a fast food burger is	lettuce.
one thing you find on a fast food burger is	grease.
one thing you find on a fast food burger is	pickles.
one thing you find on a fast food burger is	onions.
one milestone for most teenagers is	driver's license.
one milestone for most teenagers is	graduation.
one milestone for most teenagers is	first kiss/ date.
one milestone for most teenagers is	prom.
one milestone for most teenagers is	college.
one movie character who always wears a hat is	cat in the hat.
one movie character who always wears a hat is	indiana jones.
one movie character who always wears a hat is	sherlock holmes.
one movie character who always wears a hat is	willy wonka.
one movie character who always wears a hat is	dick tracey.
one movie character who always wears a hat is	zorro.
one movie character who always wears a hat is	peter pan.
one complaint a costumer might have about their hotel room is	dirty.
one complaint a costumer might have about their hotel room is	noise.
one complaint a costumer might have about their hotel room is	no towels.
one complaint a costumer might have about their hotel room is	smell.
one complaint a costumer might have about their hotel room is	temperature.
one thing kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do is	stay up late.
one thing kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do is	party.
one thing kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do is	become rich.
one thing kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do is	sleep in.
one thing kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do is	no house rules.
one thing kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do is	eat junk food.
one thing kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do is	travel.
one thing embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing is	pass gass.
one thing embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing is	pee.
one thing embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing is	snort.
one thing embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing is	spit.
one thing embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing is	teeth fall out.
one thing embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing is	cry.
one thing embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing is	burp.
one thing you might put on top of a salad is	dressing.
one thing you might put on top of a salad is	croutons.
one thing you might put on top of a salad is	cheese.
one thing you might put on top of a salad is	fruit.
one thing you might put on top of a salad is	bacon.
one thing no christmas party should be without is	egg nog.
one thing no christmas party should be without is	tree.
one thing no christmas party should be without is	gifts.
one thing no christmas party should be without is	santa claus.
one thing no christmas party should be without is	drinks.
one thing no christmas party should be without is	food.
one thing no christmas party should be without is	mistletoe.
one thing a person might change after breaking up with a partner is	phone number.
one thing a person might change after breaking up with a partner is	hair.
one thing a person might change after breaking up with a partner is	name.
one thing a person might change after breaking up with a partner is	locks.
one thing a person might change after breaking up with a partner is	address.
one thing a child might cry over losing is	toy.
one thing a child might cry over losing is	blanket.
one thing a child might cry over losing is	pet.
one thing a child might cry over losing is	teddy bear.
one thing a child might cry over losing is	tooth.
one thing a child might cry over losing is	game.
one gameshow that has been around forever is	price is right.
one gameshow that has been around forever is	wheel of fortune.
one gameshow that has been around forever is	family feud.
one gameshow that has been around forever is	jeopardy.
one thing that is rude to do when one person is taking to you is	interupt.
one thing that is rude to do when one person is taking to you is	look away.
one thing that is rude to do when one person is taking to you is	leave the room.
one thing that is rude to do when one person is taking to you is	yawn.
one thing that is rude to do when one person is taking to you is	use cell phone.
one thing that is rude to do when one person is taking to you is	not make eye contact.
one specific food that you could still eat if you lost all your teeth is	soup.
one specific food that you could still eat if you lost all your teeth is	pudding/jello.
one specific food that you could still eat if you lost all your teeth is	ice cream.
one specific food that you could still eat if you lost all your teeth is	mashed poatoes.
one specific food that you could still eat if you lost all your teeth is	apple sauce.
one specific food that you could still eat if you lost all your teeth is	oatmeal.
one thing you dreaded talking to your parents about as a teen, and still do is	birds and the bees.
one thing you dreaded talking to your parents about as a teen, and still do is	drinking.
one thing you dreaded talking to your parents about as a teen, and still do is	relationships.
one thing you dreaded talking to your parents about as a teen, and still do is	money.
one thing you dreaded talking to your parents about as a teen, and still do is	smoking.
one thing you dreaded talking to your parents about as a teen, and still do is	politics.
one sound that causes dogs to bark is	siren.
one sound that causes dogs to bark is	doorbell.
one sound that causes dogs to bark is	passing car.
one sound that causes dogs to bark is	whistle.
one sound that causes dogs to bark is	cat's meow.
one sound that causes dogs to bark is	other dogs.
one occupation that would never drive a small car is	bus driver.
one occupation that would never drive a small car is	trucker.
one occupation that would never drive a small car is	limo driver.
one occupation that would never drive a small car is	fireman.
one occupation that would never drive a small car is	postal delivery.
one occupation that would never drive a small car is	construction worker.
one animal thats not loved by many people is	snake.
one animal thats not loved by many people is	bear.
one animal thats not loved by many people is	shark.
one animal thats not loved by many people is	rat.
one way you might be able to tell your baby is really an alien is	strange appearance.
one way you might be able to tell your baby is really an alien is	weird eyes.
one way you might be able to tell your baby is really an alien is	large ears.
one way you might be able to tell your baby is really an alien is	antennas.
one way you might be able to tell your baby is really an alien is	speech.
one way you might be able to tell your baby is really an alien is	he can fly.
one thing people don't want to do in front of somebody they're dating, until they get serious is	pass gas.
one thing people don't want to do in front of somebody they're dating, until they get serious is	show affection.
one thing people don't want to do in front of somebody they're dating, until they get serious is	eat.
one thing people don't want to do in front of somebody they're dating, until they get serious is	undress.
one thing people don't want to do in front of somebody they're dating, until they get serious is	use the restroom.
one thing you bring to a tailgate party is	beer.
one thing you bring to a tailgate party is	food.
one thing you bring to a tailgate party is	grill.
one thing you bring to a tailgate party is	truck.
one part of a fish that most people don't eat is	head.
one part of a fish that most people don't eat is	eyes.
one part of a fish that most people don't eat is	tail/fin.
one part of a fish that most people don't eat is	bones.
one part of a fish that most people don't eat is	scales.
one part of a fish that most people don't eat is	giills.
one thing a person uses to wipe their mouth with is	napkin.
one thing a person uses to wipe their mouth with is	paper towel.
one thing a person uses to wipe their mouth with is	handkerchief.
one thing a person uses to wipe their mouth with is	tissue.
one thing a person uses to wipe their mouth with is	sleeve.
one thing a person uses to wipe their mouth with is	wash cloth.
one sport that requires water in order to be played is	swimming.
one sport that requires water in order to be played is	water polo.
one sport that requires water in order to be played is	surfing.
one sport that requires water in order to be played is	water skiing.
one thing a grown child may leave in storage at his parents' house is	old clothes.
one thing a grown child may leave in storage at his parents' house is	toys.
one thing a grown child may leave in storage at his parents' house is	funiture.
one thing a grown child may leave in storage at his parents' house is	photos.
one thing a writer uses to work is	pen.
one thing a writer uses to work is	computer.
one thing a writer uses to work is	pencil.
one thing a writer uses to work is	paper.
one thing a writer uses to work is	internet.
one thing a writer uses to work is	lamp.
one thing a writer uses to work is	type writer.
one kids toy your parents might have played with thats still around is	barbie doll.
one kids toy your parents might have played with thats still around is	yo yo.
one kids toy your parents might have played with thats still around is	baby doll.
one kids toy your parents might have played with thats still around is	top.
one kids toy your parents might have played with thats still around is	hula hoop.
one exercise highschool gym teachers make you do is	jumping jacks.
one exercise highschool gym teachers make you do is	run.
one extracurricular activity that parents say is good for a child is	team sports.
one extracurricular activity that parents say is good for a child is	music lessons.
one extracurricular activity that parents say is good for a child is	dance class.
one extracurricular activity that parents say is good for a child is	theatre.
one extracurricular activity that parents say is good for a child is	martial arts.
one situation when its better to ride a bike than take a taxi is	traffic jam.
one situation when its better to ride a bike than take a taxi is	no money.
one situation when its better to ride a bike than take a taxi is	want exercise.
one situation when its better to ride a bike than take a taxi is	short distance.
one situation when its better to ride a bike than take a taxi is	nice weather.
one topic that people might whisper about is	their love lives.
one topic that people might whisper about is	infidelity.
one topic that people might whisper about is	rumor.
one topic that people might whisper about is	divorce.
one animal that a pirate would most likely have on his ship is	parrot.
one animal that a pirate would most likely have on his ship is	minkey.
one animal that a pirate would most likely have on his ship is	dog.
one animal that a pirate would most likely have on his ship is	snake.
one thing that costs twice as much as it is worth is	car.
one thing that costs twice as much as it is worth is	house.
one thing that costs twice as much as it is worth is	clothes.
one thing that costs twice as much as it is worth is	jewelry.
one thing that costs twice as much as it is worth is	tv.
one thing that costs twice as much as it is worth is	computer.
one reason a game show host might get fired is	cursing.
one reason a game show host might get fired is	intoxicated.
one reason a game show host might get fired is	rude.
one reason a game show host might get fired is	cheating.
one reason a game show host might get fired is	not funny.
one job which is busiest in the summer time is	lifeguard.
one job which is busiest in the summer time is	gardening.
one job which is busiest in the summer time is	theme park employees.
one job which is busiest in the summer time is	ice cream vendor.
one job which is busiest in the summer time is	construction.
one job which is busiest in the summer time is	painter.
one dessert that's made with fruit is	pie.
one dessert that's made with fruit is	fruit salad.
one dessert that's made with fruit is	jello.
one dessert that's made with fruit is	strawberry shortcake.
one dessert that's made with fruit is	banana split.
one dessert that's made with fruit is	fruit cake.
one dessert that's made with fruit is	sherbet.
one person who wears white gloves is	doctor.
one person who wears white gloves is	mickey mouse.
one person who wears white gloves is	nurse.
one person who wears white gloves is	dentist.
one person who wears white gloves is	band instructor.
one person who wears white gloves is	police officer.
one piece of information that might be on a dog's tag is	name.
one piece of information that might be on a dog's tag is	address.
one piece of information that might be on a dog's tag is	phone number.
one piece of information that might be on a dog's tag is	owner's name.
one piece of information that might be on a dog's tag is	reward.
one thing thats on your dinner table every night that the dog wont beg for is	vegetables/ salad.
one thing thats on your dinner table every night that the dog wont beg for is	salt.
one thing thats on your dinner table every night that the dog wont beg for is	silverware/ plates.
one thing thats on your dinner table every night that the dog wont beg for is	napkin/ tablecloth.
one fish that tastes good grilled is	salmon.
one fish that tastes good grilled is	trout.
one fish that tastes good grilled is	flounder.
one fish that tastes good grilled is	swordfish.
one fish that tastes good grilled is	red fish.
one fish that tastes good grilled is	bass.
one fish that tastes good grilled is	catfish.
one thing that might break a couple up if they disagreed about it is	finances.
one thing that might break a couple up if they disagreed about it is	having kids.
one thing that might break a couple up if they disagreed about it is	showing affection.
one thing that might break a couple up if they disagreed about it is	religion.
one thing that might break a couple up if they disagreed about it is	fidelity.
one thing that might break a couple up if they disagreed about it is	parenting.
one phrase that's said in commercials to get you to buy the product right away is	free gift.
one phrase that's said in commercials to get you to buy the product right away is	call now.
one phrase that's said in commercials to get you to buy the product right away is	on sale.
one phrase that's said in commercials to get you to buy the product right away is	limited time offer.
one thing your wife asks you to do that your mom also asks you to do is	clean up mess.
one thing your wife asks you to do that your mom also asks you to do is	take out trash.
one thing your wife asks you to do that your mom also asks you to do is	dishes.
one thing your wife asks you to do that your mom also asks you to do is	laundry.
one thing your wife asks you to do that your mom also asks you to do is	make bed.
one thing your wife asks you to do that your mom also asks you to do is	eat better.
one thing about peter pan that is different from the average boy is	he can fly.
one thing about peter pan that is different from the average boy is	wears tights.
one thing about peter pan that is different from the average boy is	never grows up.
one thing about peter pan that is different from the average boy is	small.
one thing about peter pan that is different from the average boy is	pointy ears.
one reason why it's harder to get out of bed on some days than on others is	tired.
one reason why it's harder to get out of bed on some days than on others is	sick.
one reason why it's harder to get out of bed on some days than on others is	bad weather.
one reason why it's harder to get out of bed on some days than on others is	going to work/school.
one reason why it's harder to get out of bed on some days than on others is	stayed up late.
one reason why it's harder to get out of bed on some days than on others is	it's monday.
one beverage you get re-filled for free at many restaurants is	soda.
one beverage you get re-filled for free at many restaurants is	coffee.
one beverage you get re-filled for free at many restaurants is	tea.
one beverage you get re-filled for free at many restaurants is	water.
one thing gentlemen used to do for ladies that they no longer bother with is	open doors.
one thing gentlemen used to do for ladies that they no longer bother with is	bring flowers.
one thing gentlemen used to do for ladies that they no longer bother with is	pay bills/dinner.
one thing gentlemen used to do for ladies that they no longer bother with is	pulling out chair.
one thing many people would love to live next to is	swimming area.
one thing many people would love to live next to is	park.
one thing many people would love to live next to is	shopping district.
one thing many people would love to live next to is	bar.
one thing many people would love to live next to is	celebrity's home.
one thing many people would love to live next to is	school.
one thing a parent might scold a child for interrupting is	conversation.
one thing a parent might scold a child for interrupting is	date.
one thing a parent might scold a child for interrupting is	work/meeting.
one thing a parent might scold a child for interrupting is	movie/tv show.
one food or drink that you smell outside a restaurant in the morning is	bacon.
one food or drink that you smell outside a restaurant in the morning is	coffee.
one food or drink that you smell outside a restaurant in the morning is	eggs.
one food or drink that you smell outside a restaurant in the morning is	bread.
one food or drink that you smell outside a restaurant in the morning is	doughnut.
one thing you might see in a country western music video is	cowboy hat.
one thing you might see in a country western music video is	guitar.
one thing you might see in a country western music video is	cowboy boots.
one thing you might see in a country western music video is	horses.
one thing you might see in a country western music video is	cowboys.
one thing you might see in a country western music video is	dancing.
one thing you might see in a country western music video is	truck.
one term that describes one person who comes in at first place is	winner.
one term that describes one person who comes in at first place is	champ.
one thing an underage teen needs their parents permission to do is	drive.
one thing an underage teen needs their parents permission to do is	go out.
one thing an underage teen needs their parents permission to do is	date.
one thing an underage teen needs their parents permission to do is	stay out late.
one thing an underage teen needs their parents permission to do is	move out.
one thing an underage teen needs their parents permission to do is	get a tattoo.
one thing an underage teen needs their parents permission to do is	get married.
one thing you might use bricks to build is	house.
one thing you might use bricks to build is	wall.
one thing you might use bricks to build is	barbecue grill.
one thing you might use bricks to build is	fireplace.
one thing you might use bricks to build is	patio.
one thing you might use bricks to build is	doghouse.
one thing you might use bricks to build is	stairs.
one thing that gets into your house if you leave food out is	ants.
one thing that gets into your house if you leave food out is	rodents.
one thing that gets into your house if you leave food out is	roaches.
one thing that gets into your house if you leave food out is	flies.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of dogs is	dog catcher.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of dogs is	mail carrier.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of dogs is	veterinarian.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of dogs is	dog walker.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of dogs is	pet shop manager.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of dogs is	shelter worker.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of dogs is	dog trainer.
one thing you'd take camping but be arrested for if you brought it to a bank is	gun.
one thing you'd take camping but be arrested for if you brought it to a bank is	hatchet.
one thing you'd take camping but be arrested for if you brought it to a bank is	alcohol.
one thing you might find inside of a plastic egg is	candy.
one thing you might find inside of a plastic egg is	pantyhose.
one thing you might find inside of a plastic egg is	toys.
one thing you might find inside of a plastic egg is	money.
one thing you might find inside of a plastic egg is	balls.
one cereal that is often use in the making of holiday treats is	rice krispies.
one cereal that is often use in the making of holiday treats is	chex.
one cereal that is often use in the making of holiday treats is	cheerios.
one cereal that is often use in the making of holiday treats is	froot loops.
one cereal that is often use in the making of holiday treats is	corn flakes.
one cereal that is often use in the making of holiday treats is	quaker oats.
one food served with melted butter on it (vegetables is not an answer, be more specific) is	baked potato.
one food served with melted butter on it (vegetables is not an answer, be more specific) is	popcorn.
one food served with melted butter on it (vegetables is not an answer, be more specific) is	corn.
one food served with melted butter on it (vegetables is not an answer, be more specific) is	pancake.
one food served with melted butter on it (vegetables is not an answer, be more specific) is	toast.
one food served with melted butter on it (vegetables is not an answer, be more specific) is	lobster.
one reason why some tv commercials are more irritating than others is	loud sounds.
one reason why some tv commercials are more irritating than others is	played too much.
one reason why some tv commercials are more irritating than others is	too long.
one reason why some tv commercials are more irritating than others is	catchy song.
one reason why some tv commercials are more irritating than others is	too boring.
one thing specific that takes longer to dry than to wash is	hair.
one thing specific that takes longer to dry than to wash is	jeans.
one thing specific that takes longer to dry than to wash is	towels.
one thing specific that takes longer to dry than to wash is	blankets.
one thing specific that takes longer to dry than to wash is	car.
one thing specific that takes longer to dry than to wash is	dishes.
one thing specific that takes longer to dry than to wash is	dog.
one thing a hotel guest calls the front desk to ask about is	room service.
one thing a hotel guest calls the front desk to ask about is	getting more towels.
one thing a hotel guest calls the front desk to ask about is	wake up call.
one thing a hotel guest calls the front desk to ask about is	check out time.
one thing a hotel guest calls the front desk to ask about is	noise.
one thing a hotel guest calls the front desk to ask about is	phone message.
one thing models and wrestlers both do is	pose.
one thing models and wrestlers both do is	work out.
one thing models and wrestlers both do is	act.
one thing models and wrestlers both do is	dress up.
one thing models and wrestlers both do is	fight.
one thing models and wrestlers both do is	strut.
one fear parents have for their child when she moves out of the house is	money.
one fear parents have for their child when she moves out of the house is	drugs.
one fear parents have for their child when she moves out of the house is	death.
one fear parents have for their child when she moves out of the house is	safety.
one fear parents have for their child when she moves out of the house is	coming back.
one fear parents have for their child when she moves out of the house is	lonely.
one thing an astronaut has to go without when traveling in space is	decent food.
one thing an astronaut has to go without when traveling in space is	family.
one thing an astronaut has to go without when traveling in space is	gravity.
one thing an astronaut has to go without when traveling in space is	normal bathroom.
one thing a person might be picky about is	food.
one thing a person might be picky about is	clothes.
one thing a person might be picky about is	hairstyle.
one thing a person might be picky about is	dating.
one thing a person might be picky about is	car.
one activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside is	play football.
one activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside is	dance.
one activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside is	swim.
one activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside is	sleep.
one activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside is	read.
one activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside is	watch tv/movie.
one activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside is	jog.
one bug that has many legs is	centipede.
one bug that has many legs is	spider.
one thing people file is	taxes.
one thing people file is	papers.
one thing a plant needs to grow is	water.
one thing a plant needs to grow is	fertilizer.
one thing a little kid might do that would annoy a department store santa is	pull his beard.
one thing a little kid might do that would annoy a department store santa is	yell.
one thing only a millionaire could own is	mansion.
one thing only a millionaire could own is	yacht.
one thing you'd probably find in most mansions is	butler.
one thing you'd probably find in most mansions is	chandelier.
one thing a duck has that a human doesn't is	bill.
one thing a duck has that a human doesn't is	feathers.
one activity you might do whilst in the mountains is	skiing.
one activity you might do whilst in the mountains is	snowboarding.
one activity you might do whilst in the mountains is	biking.
one activity you might do whilst in the mountains is	climbing.
one activity you might do whilst in the mountains is	hiking.
one activity you might do whilst in the mountains is	abseiling.
one event in your life that you wouldn't mind reliving over and over is	wedding.
one event in your life that you wouldn't mind reliving over and over is	vacation.
one event in your life that you wouldn't mind reliving over and over is	birth.
one event in your life that you wouldn't mind reliving over and over is	graduation.
one event in your life that you wouldn't mind reliving over and over is	meeting spouse.
one event in your life that you wouldn't mind reliving over and over is	teens.
one thing you could find in an art class is	paint.
one thing you could find in an art class is	paintbrushes.
one thing you would see a lot of in texas is	oil wells.
one thing you would see a lot of in texas is	cowboys.
one thing you would see a lot of in texas is	cows.
one reason you might complain about your paperboy is	no paper.
one reason you might complain about your paperboy is	broken window.
one food that doesn't grow on trees is	potatoes.
one food that doesn't grow on trees is	carrots.
one food that doesn't grow on trees is	meat.
one food that doesn't grow on trees is	milk.
one food that doesn't grow on trees is	bread.
one food that doesn't grow on trees is	twinkies.
one thing denver is famous for is	mountains.
one thing denver is famous for is	skiing.
one thing denver is famous for is	mile high.
one occupation whose members don't seem to smile very much is	undertaker.
one occupation whose members don't seem to smile very much is	doctor/dentist.
one occupation whose members don't seem to smile very much is	police officer.
one occupation whose members don't seem to smile very much is	politician.
one person a rich person might hire to work for them is	maid.
one person a rich person might hire to work for them is	butler.
one person a rich person might hire to work for them is	driver.
one thing that gets sandy on a visit to the beach is	feet.
one thing that gets sandy on a visit to the beach is	towels.
one kind of place that is easier to get into than to get out of is	jail.
one kind of place that is easier to get into than to get out of is	car.
one kind of place that is easier to get into than to get out of is	doctor's office.
one kind of place that is easier to get into than to get out of is	grocery store.
one kind of place that is easier to get into than to get out of is	maze.
one kind of place that is easier to get into than to get out of is	parking spot.
one thing women might wear to bed that would really turn a man off is	night gown.
one thing women might wear to bed that would really turn a man off is	flannel pajamas.
one thing women might wear to bed that would really turn a man off is	curlers.
one thing women might wear to bed that would really turn a man off is	sweatpants.
one thing women might wear to bed that would really turn a man off is	socks.
one thing women might wear to bed that would really turn a man off is	clothes.
one reality show where people turn into drama queens for the camera is	next top model.
one reality show where people turn into drama queens for the camera is	the apprentice.
one reality show where people turn into drama queens for the camera is	jerry springer.
one reality show where people turn into drama queens for the camera is	real world.
one reality show where people turn into drama queens for the camera is	big brother.
one reality show where people turn into drama queens for the camera is	survivor.
one thing that crawls is	spider.
one thing that crawls is	baby.
one thing that fades over time is	clothes.
one thing that fades over time is	memory.
one thing that fades over time is	beauty.
one thing that fades over time is	paint.
one thing that fades over time is	love.
one thing that fades over time is	color.
one thing you'd hate to be without if you were climbing mt everest is	rope.
one thing you'd hate to be without if you were climbing mt everest is	coat.
one thing that is an american natural resource is	oil.
one thing that is an american natural resource is	water.
one thing that is an american natural resource is	coal.
one thing that is an american natural resource is	natural gas.
one thing belonging to your boss you might use if he or she was gone all day is	computer.
one thing belonging to your boss you might use if he or she was gone all day is	desk.
one animal that you hear at night is	dog.
one animal that you hear at night is	cat.
one reason a first-timer might say they had a bad time skiing is	fall too much.
one reason a first-timer might say they had a bad time skiing is	break leg.
one reason a first-timer might say they had a bad time skiing is	sprained ankle.
one reason a first-timer might say they had a bad time skiing is	hurting himself.
one reason a first-timer might say they had a bad time skiing is	ran into tree.
one reason a first-timer might say they had a bad time skiing is	no snow.
one professional who gets paid by the hour is	lawyer.
one professional who gets paid by the hour is	doctor.
one professional who gets paid by the hour is	plumber.
one professional who gets paid by the hour is	mechanic.
one professional who gets paid by the hour is	psychiatrist.
one professional who gets paid by the hour is	masseuse.
one food you lick off you fingers is	chicken.
one food you lick off you fingers is	sauce.
one food you lick off you fingers is	chocolate.
one food you lick off you fingers is	icing.
one food you lick off you fingers is	pizza.
one food you lick off you fingers is	ice cream.
one food you lick off you fingers is	donuts.
one food you lick off you fingers is	nachos.
one thing madonna has that the average woman might envy is	money.
one thing madonna has that the average woman might envy is	body.
one common holiday craft is	make ornaments.
one common holiday craft is	tree trim.
one common holiday craft is	card.
one musical instrument heard at a wedding is	organ.
one musical instrument heard at a wedding is	piano.
one thing people think about for months before they get the nerve to do it is	propose.
one thing people think about for months before they get the nerve to do it is	skydiving.
one thing people think about for months before they get the nerve to do it is	buying house.
one thing people think about for months before they get the nerve to do it is	tattoo.
one thing you would find in a chef salad is	lettuce.
one thing you would find in a chef salad is	cheese.
one thing you would find in a chef salad is	chicken.
one thing people develop is	pictures.
one thing people develop is	skills.
one thing people develop is	habits.
one thing people develop is	relationships.
one famous woman with abs of steel is	wonder woman.
one famous woman with abs of steel is	madonna.
one famous woman with abs of steel is	jillian michaels.
one famous woman with abs of steel is	jennifer aniston.
one famous woman with abs of steel is	angelina jolie.
one famous woman with abs of steel is	janet jackson.
one thing you "pull" out is	drawer.
one thing you "pull" out is	wallet.
one thing you "pull" out is	tooth.
one thing you "pull" out is	hair.
one thing you "pull" out is	plug.
one thing you "pull" out is	splinter.
one thing you "pull" out is	weeds.
one thing you "pull" out is	trash bag.
one present you would get your best friend for the holidays is	gift card.
one present you would get your best friend for the holidays is	card.
one country where people go to ski is	send us your answers!.
one country where people go to ski is	switzerland.
one job that makes men wear tights is	ballet.
one job that makes men wear tights is	baseball.
one job that makes men wear tights is	nurse.
one job that makes men wear tights is	musician.
one job that makes men wear tights is	circus.
one thing people do in the grand canyon is	hike.
one thing people do in the grand canyon is	take pictures.
one thing people do in the grand canyon is	raft.
one holiday when you'd see a parade is	thanksgiving.
one holiday when you'd see a parade is	christmas.
the biggest challenge of being married is	staying married.
the biggest challenge of being married is	compromise.
the biggest challenge of being married is	money.
the biggest challenge of being married is	communication.
the biggest challenge of being married is	getting alone.
the biggest challenge of being married is	romance alive.
the biggest challenge of being married is	spouse.
one thing that takes time to grow on you is	hair.
one thing that takes time to grow on you is	food.
one thing that takes time to grow on you is	music.
one thing that takes time to grow on you is	animals.
one thing that takes time to grow on you is	love.
one thing that takes time to grow on you is	wall color.
one thing people take out of storage in the fall is	warm clothes.
one thing people take out of storage in the fall is	rakes.
one animal that likes to eat fish is	bear.
one animal that likes to eat fish is	cats.
one thing on grandma that might be fake is	teeth.
one thing on grandma that might be fake is	ring.
one location where you had your first kiss is	car.
one location where you had your first kiss is	home.
one location where you had your first kiss is	school.
one location where you had your first kiss is	park.
one location where you had your first kiss is	beach.
one type of pie not made from fruit is	chocolate cream.
one type of pie not made from fruit is	pot pie.
one time when you might wear a mask is	send us your answers!.
one time when you might wear a mask is	halloween.
one thing in a person's house that stays on all night long is	refrigerator.
one thing in a person's house that stays on all night long is	clock.
one thing in a person's house that stays on all night long is	heating.
one type of test you can't study for is	blood test.
one type of test you can't study for is	eye test.
one type of test you can't study for is	drug test.
one beverage served at fancy restaurants is	wine.
one beverage served at fancy restaurants is	champagne.
one thing you would get on a thanksgiving pizza is	turkey.
one thing you would get on a thanksgiving pizza is	gravy.
one musical instrument that would not make sense in a marching band is	piano.
one musical instrument that would not make sense in a marching band is	harp.
one animal you would never try to wrestle is	alligator.
one animal you would never try to wrestle is	bear.
one animal you would never try to wrestle is	lion.
one reason school might be closed is	weather.
one reason school might be closed is	holiday.
one thing a new couple does more often than a couple that has been together awhile is	show affection.
one thing a new couple does more often than a couple that has been together awhile is	intercourse.
one thing a new couple does more often than a couple that has been together awhile is	go out.
one thing that's usually more expensive at department stores than at drug stores is	clothes.
one thing that's usually more expensive at department stores than at drug stores is	perfume.
one thing you might budget for is	a new car.
one thing you might budget for is	send us your answers!.
one sport where you still see athletes playing after they are forty is	golf.
one sport where you still see athletes playing after they are forty is	basketball.
one instrument least likely to get a band member groupies is	tuba.
one instrument least likely to get a band member groupies is	bass.
one instrument least likely to get a band member groupies is	flute.
one thing you use to decorate a snowman is	carrot.
one thing you use to decorate a snowman is	hat.
one thing that attracts flies is	food.
one thing that attracts flies is	poop.
one thing that attracts flies is	rotten fruit.
one place where you would not want to get a flat tire is	highway.
one place where you would not want to get a flat tire is	send us your answers!.
one thing you might blame on a headache is	stress.
one thing you might blame on a headache is	work.
one thing you might blame on a headache is	cold.
one thing they sell in a survival store is	hunting knives.
one thing they sell in a survival store is	flashlight.
one spanish word everybody knows is	si.
one spanish word everybody knows is	hola.
one specific chore kids do to earn their allowance is	take out trash.
one specific chore kids do to earn their allowance is	mow lawn.
one part of the body that gives you problems as you get older is	back.
one part of the body that gives you problems as you get older is	eyes.
one thing credit card companies offer, as a reward for signing up is	cash back.
one thing credit card companies offer, as a reward for signing up is	free miles.
the worst pet to put on the sign, "beware of" is	cat.
the worst pet to put on the sign, "beware of" is	snake.
the worst pet to put on the sign, "beware of" is	alligator.
the worst pet to put on the sign, "beware of" is	pitbull.
the worst pet to put on the sign, "beware of" is	fish.
one good job for one person who likes to work outdoors is	gardener.
one good job for one person who likes to work outdoors is	builder.
one reason people might wish you good luck is	new job.
one reason people might wish you good luck is	getting married.
one reason people might wish you good luck is	job interview.
one reason people might wish you good luck is	trip.
one reason people might wish you good luck is	test.
one reason people might wish you good luck is	doctor.
one reason people might wish you good luck is	graduation.
one non-alcoholic drink you can get at a bar is	soda.
one non-alcoholic drink you can get at a bar is	shirley temple.
one specific skill you'd have to be good to be a professional baseball player is	hitting.
one specific skill you'd have to be good to be a professional baseball player is	throwing.
one reason a student might have to raise their hand in class is	bathroom.
one reason a student might have to raise their hand in class is	ask question.
one thing dogs love to do that cats probably think is ridiculous is	chase own tail.
one thing dogs love to do that cats probably think is ridiculous is	fetch.
one thing dogs love to do that cats probably think is ridiculous is	eat bone.
one sea creature that would never fit in your home aquarium is	whale.
one sea creature that would never fit in your home aquarium is	shark.
one thing parents tell their kids not to waste is	food.
one thing parents tell their kids not to waste is	money.
one thing parents tell their kids not to waste is	water.
one thing parents tell their kids not to waste is	electricity.
one thing parents tell their kids not to waste is	time.
one thing parents tell their kids not to waste is	life.
one thing people can ride is	horse.
one thing people can ride is	bicycle.
one thing people can ride is	bus.
one thing people can ride is	roller coaster.
one thing people can ride is	train.
one place a child goes for the first time that might be traumatic is	school.
one place a child goes for the first time that might be traumatic is	circus.
one place people spend more money than they want to is	department store.
one place people spend more money than they want to is	grocery store.
one reason your flight might be cancelled is	bad weather.
one reason your flight might be cancelled is	ice.
one reason your flight might be cancelled is	mechanical problems.
one reason your flight might be cancelled is	no interest.
one thing people use to cure a backache is	heating pads.
one thing people use to cure a backache is	massage.
the most annoying monthly bill is	telephone.
the most annoying monthly bill is	electricity.
the most annoying monthly bill is	cable.
one thing on everyone's driver license is	date of birth.
one thing on everyone's driver license is	name.
one occupation in which you're always on your feet is	waiting tables.
one occupation in which you're always on your feet is	nurse.
one occupation in which you're always on your feet is	sales.
one occupation in which you're always on your feet is	mail carrier/ups.
one famous person who lived in the old west is	jesse james.
one famous person who lived in the old west is	wyatt earp.
one famous person who lived in the old west is	wild bill hickok.
one thing you don't want to run over with a vacuum is	cat.
one thing you don't want to run over with a vacuum is	coin.
one thing you don't want to run over with a vacuum is	marble.
one thing you don't want to run over with a vacuum is	dog.
one thing you don't want to run over with a vacuum is	nail.
one thing you don't want to run over with a vacuum is	cord.
one bad homemade holiday present is	fruitcake.
one bad homemade holiday present is	sweater.
one thing detroit is known for is	cars.
one thing detroit is known for is	motown.
one thing detroit is known for is	pistons.
one thing detroit is known for is	detroit lions.
one thing detroit is known for is	crime.
one thing a doctor might wear while examining a patient is	gloves.
one thing a doctor might wear while examining a patient is	stethoscope.
one sea creature you would like in a water polo team is	octopus.
one sea creature you would like in a water polo team is	dolphin.
one sea creature you would like in a water polo team is	shark.
one sea creature you would like in a water polo team is	seal.
one sea creature you would like in a water polo team is	seahorse.
one thing you find on a principal's desk is	pen.
one thing you find on a principal's desk is	ruler.
one thing you find on a principal's desk is	cane.
one thing you find on a principal's desk is	nameplate.
one thing you find on a principal's desk is	apple.
one thing you find on a principal's desk is	report cards.
one thing you find on a principal's desk is	paperwork.
one thing you find on a principal's desk is	telephone.
one person who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home is	jehova's witness.
one person who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home is	salesman.
one person who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home is	police officerq.
one person who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home is	bill collector.
one person who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home is	census.
one person who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home is	mormons.
one person who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home is	in-laws.
one person who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home is	anybody.
one thing you might see on a table when a poker game is in progress is	poker chips.
one thing you might see on a table when a poker game is in progress is	money.
one thing you might see on a table when a poker game is in progress is	cards.
one thing you might see on a table when a poker game is in progress is	drinks.
one thing children lie to the babysitter about is	bedtime.
one thing children lie to the babysitter about is	homework.
one thing children lie to the babysitter about is	meals.
one thing children lie to the babysitter about is	hit another child.
one thing children lie to the babysitter about is	brush teeth.
one thing children lie to the babysitter about is	watching tv.
one thing it is impossible to do without a thumb is	write.
one thing it is impossible to do without a thumb is	hitchhike.
one thing it is impossible to do without a thumb is	tie shoes.
one thing it is impossible to do without a thumb is	use scissors.
one thing it is impossible to do without a thumb is	use a lighter.
one thing it is impossible to do without a thumb is	snap your fingers.
one thing it is impossible to do without a thumb is	knit.
one thing people do to make their feet feel good is	soak.
one thing people do to make their feet feel good is	massage.
one thing people sometimes bang on when it's not working is	tv/remote.
one thing people sometimes bang on when it's not working is	computer.
one thing people sometimes bang on when it's not working is	car.
one thing people sometimes bang on when it's not working is	vending machine.
one thing people sometimes bang on when it's not working is	radio.
one thing you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners is	underwear.
one thing you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners is	jeans.
one thing you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners is	shoes.
one thing you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners is	socks.
one thing you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners is	t-shirt.
one thing you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners is	jacket.
one thing you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners is	ring.
one thing the laziest person in the world might put next to their bed so they can roll over and use it is	remote control/tv.
one thing the laziest person in the world might put next to their bed so they can roll over and use it is	toilet.
one thing the laziest person in the world might put next to their bed so they can roll over and use it is	refrigerator.
one thing the laziest person in the world might put next to their bed so they can roll over and use it is	telephone.
one thing the laziest person in the world might put next to their bed so they can roll over and use it is	microwave.
one thing parents do to their children to embarass them is	kiss them.
one thing parents do to their children to embarass them is	show baby pictures.
one thing parents do to their children to embarass them is	yell at them.
one thing parents do to their children to embarass them is	brag.
one thing parents do to their children to embarass them is	dance.
one part of a car you open and close is	door.
one part of a car you open and close is	trunk.
one part of a car you open and close is	hood.
one part of a car you open and close is	glove compartment.
one thing a soldier should always have with him is	weapon/ammo.
one thing a soldier should always have with him is	dog tag/id.
one thing a soldier should always have with him is	helmet.
one thing a soldier should always have with him is	compass.
one thing a woman needs to know about a man before she marries him is	marital status.
one thing a woman needs to know about a man before she marries him is	net worth.
one thing a woman needs to know about a man before she marries him is	personality.
one thing a woman needs to know about a man before she marries him is	honest.
one thing a woman needs to know about a man before she marries him is	family background.
one thing a woman needs to know about a man before she marries him is	occupation.
one thing you would need if you were crossing the desert is	water.
one thing you would need if you were crossing the desert is	umbrella.
one thing you would need if you were crossing the desert is	camel.
one thing you would need if you were crossing the desert is	compass.
one type of cheese americans like the best is	cheddar.
one type of cheese americans like the best is	american.
one type of cheese americans like the best is	swiss.
one type of cheese americans like the best is	mozzarella.
one type of cheese americans like the best is	provolone.
one gift that little kids hate to get for christmas is	clothes.
one gift that little kids hate to get for christmas is	books.
one gift that little kids hate to get for christmas is	cards.
one gift that little kids hate to get for christmas is	fruit cake.
one gift that little kids hate to get for christmas is	money.
one thing you might buy for a backyard barbecue is	charcoal.
one thing you might buy for a backyard barbecue is	table.
one thing you might buy for a backyard barbecue is	barbecue sauce.
one thing you might buy for a backyard barbecue is	lawn chairs.
one thing you might buy for a backyard barbecue is	hamburgers.
one thing you might buy for a backyard barbecue is	soda.
one book that could knock you out if you were hit over the head with it is	dictionary.
one book that could knock you out if you were hit over the head with it is	encyclopedia.
one book that could knock you out if you were hit over the head with it is	bible.
one book that could knock you out if you were hit over the head with it is	phonebook.
one book that could knock you out if you were hit over the head with it is	war and peace.
one thing specific that a lot of country western songs are about is	love.
one thing specific that a lot of country western songs are about is	truck.
one thing specific that a lot of country western songs are about is	cheating.
one thing specific that a lot of country western songs are about is	horse.
one quality that makes a successful man successful, but also makes him not such a good husband is	workaholic.
one quality that makes a successful man successful, but also makes him not such a good husband is	ambition.
one quality that makes a successful man successful, but also makes him not such a good husband is	generosity.
one quality that makes a successful man successful, but also makes him not such a good husband is	ruthlessness.
one country that no longer exists is	soviet union.
one country that no longer exists is	yugoslavia.
one country that no longer exists is	czechoslovakia.
one country that no longer exists is	siam.
one country that no longer exists is	tibet.
one country that no longer exists is	west germany.
one thing you always keep by your phone is	pen.
one thing you always keep by your phone is	phone book.
one thing you always keep by your phone is	paper.
one thing you always keep by your phone is	answering machine.
one thing you always keep by your phone is	clock.
one thing you always keep by your phone is	address book.
one thing you always keep by your phone is	pager.
one thing a man might still do for a woman when they go out on a date is	open doors.
one thing a man might still do for a woman when they go out on a date is	pay.
one movie that starred denzel washington is	training day.
one movie that starred denzel washington is	john q.
one movie that starred denzel washington is	remember titans.
one movie that starred denzel washington is	philadelphia.
one movie that starred denzel washington is	out of time.
one movie that starred denzel washington is	fallen.
one rule that parents might have when their teenager starts dating is	curfew.
one rule that parents might have when their teenager starts dating is	no kissing.
one rule that parents might have when their teenager starts dating is	no drinking.
one game you might play in a casino is	blackjack.
one game you might play in a casino is	slot machine.
one game you might play in a casino is	poker.
one game you might play in a casino is	roulette.
one game you might play in a casino is	craps.
one children's tv show that teaches them something is	sesame street.
one children's tv show that teaches them something is	barney.
one thing you did as a teen that you've still never told your parents about is	try a cigarette.
one thing you did as a teen that you've still never told your parents about is	date.
one thing you did as a teen that you've still never told your parents about is	sneak out.
one thing you worry about when it begins to rain is	hair messed up.
one thing you worry about when it begins to rain is	car windows down.
one thing you put on your teeth is	toothpaste.
one thing you put on your teeth is	braces.
one thing you put on your teeth is	whitening.
one thing you put on your teeth is	toothbrush.
one thing you absolutely hate about being in a hospital is	the food.
one thing you absolutely hate about being in a hospital is	shots/procedures.
one thing you absolutely hate about being in a hospital is	waiting/confined.
one thing you absolutely hate about being in a hospital is	hospital gown.
one thing you absolutely hate about being in a hospital is	being awakened.
one thing you absolutely hate about being in a hospital is	sick/in pain.
one public place where you've witnessed couples fighting and making a scene is	restaurant.
one public place where you've witnessed couples fighting and making a scene is	mall/store.
one public place where you've witnessed couples fighting and making a scene is	bar.
one public place where you've witnessed couples fighting and making a scene is	park.
one public place where you've witnessed couples fighting and making a scene is	street/sidewalk.
one public place where you've witnessed couples fighting and making a scene is	subway.
one animal that has paws is	dog.
one animal that has paws is	bear.
one animal that has paws is	cat.
one animal that has paws is	tiger.
one animal that has paws is	lion.
one part of the body that twitches is	eye.
one part of the body that twitches is	leg.
one part of the body that twitches is	finger.
one part of the body that twitches is	cheek.
one part of the body that twitches is	arm.
one character from the fictional town of mayberry on "the andy griffith show" is	opie.
one character from the fictional town of mayberry on "the andy griffith show" is	aunt bee.
one character from the fictional town of mayberry on "the andy griffith show" is	barney.
one character from the fictional town of mayberry on "the andy griffith show" is	andy.
one character from the fictional town of mayberry on "the andy griffith show" is	goober.
one thing chickens do is	lay eggs.
one thing chickens do is	cluck.
one thing chickens do is	peck.
one thing chickens do is	scratch.
one specific household chore a bachelor neglects is	doing dishes.
one specific household chore a bachelor neglects is	cleaning bathroom.
one specific household chore a bachelor neglects is	dusting.
one specific household chore a bachelor neglects is	doing laundry.
one kind of food that gets stuck between your teeth is	corn.
one kind of food that gets stuck between your teeth is	beef.
one kind of food that gets stuck between your teeth is	candy.
one kind of food that gets stuck between your teeth is	chicken.
one kind of food that gets stuck between your teeth is	peanut butter.
one movie that has the word "war" in its title is	war of the worlds.
one movie that has the word "war" in its title is	war and peace.
one movie that has the word "war" in its title is	star wars.
one movie that has the word "war" in its title is	war of the roses.
one animal that might pester you on a camping trip is	bear.
one animal that might pester you on a camping trip is	dog catcher.
one animal that might pester you on a camping trip is	racoon.
one animal that might pester you on a camping trip is	skunk.
one animal that might pester you on a camping trip is	squirrel.
one animal that might pester you on a camping trip is	3.
one thing specific you always run out of when you're sick is	medicine.
one thing specific you always run out of when you're sick is	tissue.
one thing specific you always run out of when you're sick is	soup.
one thing specific you always run out of when you're sick is	juice.
one food you could still eat even if you had no teeth is	soup.
one food you could still eat even if you had no teeth is	mashed potatos.
one food you could still eat even if you had no teeth is	jello.
one food you could still eat even if you had no teeth is	banana.
one food you could still eat even if you had no teeth is	apple sauce.
one food you could still eat even if you had no teeth is	pasta.
one thing people kiss for luck is	blarney stone.
one thing people kiss for luck is	rabbit's foot.
one thing people kiss for luck is	person.
one thing people kiss for luck is	cross.
one thing people kiss for luck is	4-leaf clover.
one thing people kiss for luck is	lucky penny.
one way to stay awake when you're dead tired is	drink coffee.
one way to stay awake when you're dead tired is	take a walk.
one way to stay awake when you're dead tired is	cold shower.
one way to stay awake when you're dead tired is	listen to music.
one way to stay awake when you're dead tired is	sing.
one thing that is important to a man when choosing a restaurant to take his date to is	prices.
one thing that is important to a man when choosing a restaurant to take his date to is	amiance.
one thing that is important to a man when choosing a restaurant to take his date to is	food.
one thing that is important to a man when choosing a restaurant to take his date to is	service.
one thing that is important to a man when choosing a restaurant to take his date to is	location.
one food that goes great with potato chips is	dips.
one food that goes great with potato chips is	hamburgers.
one food that goes great with potato chips is	hot dog.
one food that goes great with potato chips is	sandwiches.
one food that goes great with potato chips is	casserole.
one thing a hotel will give you for free is	shampoo.
one thing a hotel will give you for free is	soap.
one thing a hotel will give you for free is	breakfast.
one thing a hotel will give you for free is	towels.
one thing a hotel will give you for free is	internet.
one thing a hotel will give you for free is	coffee.
one thing you might be embarrassed to throw out is	underwear.
one thing you might be embarrassed to throw out is	feminine products.
one thing you might be embarrassed to throw out is	adult items.
one thing you might be embarrassed to throw out is	food.
one thing you might be embarrassed to throw out is	furniture.
one country known for its sexy men is	italy.
one country known for its sexy men is	france.
one country known for its sexy men is	usa.
one country known for its sexy men is	spain.
one country known for its sexy men is	australia.
one country known for its sexy men is	sweden.
one thing you do when you see a mouse in the house is	catch.
one thing you do when you see a mouse in the house is	scream.
one thing you do when you see a mouse in the house is	kill it.
one thing you do when you see a mouse in the house is	run away.
one thing you do when you see a mouse in the house is	jump.
one thing you do when you see a mouse in the house is	get cat.
one thing an adult might save their money to buy is	cars.
one thing an adult might save their money to buy is	house.
one thing an adult might save their money to buy is	vacations.
one thing an adult might save their money to buy is	having children.
one thing important you keep in your glove compartment is	registration.
one thing important you keep in your glove compartment is	flashlight.
one thing important you keep in your glove compartment is	insurance card.
one thing important you keep in your glove compartment is	map.
one thing important you keep in your glove compartment is	first aid kit.
one thing children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight is	yell/scream.
one thing children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight is	hit/punch.
one thing children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight is	call names.
one thing children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight is	curse/swear.
one thing children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight is	cry.
one thing children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight is	throw things.
one thing children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight is	bite.
one reason why a wedding might be canceled is	cold feet.
one reason why a wedding might be canceled is	weather.
one reason why a wedding might be canceled is	cheating.
one reason why a wedding might be canceled is	broke up.
one reason why a wedding might be canceled is	bachelor party.
one us first lady is	michelle obama.
one us first lady is	jacqueline kennedy.
one us first lady is	hillary clinton.
one us first lady is	barbara bush.
one us first lady is	nancy reagan.
one reason why a pirate might be lost at sea is	storm.
one reason why a pirate might be lost at sea is	no compass.
one reason why a pirate might be lost at sea is	no map.
one reason why a pirate might be lost at sea is	shipwreck.
one reason why a pirate might be lost at sea is	too drunk.
one comfort food is	chocolate.
one comfort food is	ice cream.
one comfort food is	mac and cheese.
one comfort food is	soup.
one comfort food is	mashed potato.
one comfort food is	fried chicken.
one comfort food is	pizza.
one thing that sticks to walls is	paint.
one thing that sticks to walls is	wallpaper.
one thing that sticks to walls is	flies.
one thing that sticks to walls is	glue.
one place where kids must be reminded to mind their manners is	restaurant.
one place where kids must be reminded to mind their manners is	church.
one place where kids must be reminded to mind their manners is	dinner table.
one place where kids must be reminded to mind their manners is	grandma's.
one thing rude people do while smoking is	blow smoke at you.
one thing rude people do while smoking is	spit.
one thing rude people do while smoking is	smoke while eating.
one thing rude people do while smoking is	throw butt on ground.
one thing specific that wax is used for is	candles.
one thing specific that wax is used for is	floors.
one thing specific that wax is used for is	cars.
one thing specific that wax is used for is	hair removal.
one kind of car that has "speeding ticket" written all over it is	corvette.
one kind of car that has "speeding ticket" written all over it is	ferrari.
one kind of car that has "speeding ticket" written all over it is	porsche.
one kind of car that has "speeding ticket" written all over it is	jaguar.
one kind of car that has "speeding ticket" written all over it is	mustang.
one kind of car that has "speeding ticket" written all over it is	lamborghini.
one fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid is	cucumber.
one fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid is	avocado.
one fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid is	banana.
one fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid is	strawberry.
one fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid is	apple.
one fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid is	lemon.
one fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid is	watermelon.
one fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid is	carrot.
one olympic event in which speed is not important is	gymnastics.
one olympic event in which speed is not important is	diving.
one olympic event in which speed is not important is	volleyball.
one olympic event in which speed is not important is	shot put.
one olympic event in which speed is not important is	archery.
one olympic event in which speed is not important is	long jump.
one thing a college student might eat on the run is	apple.
one thing a college student might eat on the run is	sandwich.
one thing a college student might eat on the run is	pizza.
one thing a college student might eat on the run is	hamburger.
one thing a college student might eat on the run is	granola bar.
one thing a college student might eat on the run is	potato chips.
one thing a college student might eat on the run is	pop tart.
one thing marilyn monroe will always be remembered for is	blonde bombshell.
one thing marilyn monroe will always be remembered for is	dress in air.
one thing marilyn monroe will always be remembered for is	sang happy b'day.
one thing marilyn monroe will always be remembered for is	acting/movies.
one thing marilyn monroe will always be remembered for is	kennedy brothers.
one thing marilyn monroe will always be remembered for is	her mole.
one person you once loved on "american idol" is	ruben studdard.
one person you once loved on "american idol" is	fantasia barrino.
one person you once loved on "american idol" is	carrie underwood.
one person you once loved on "american idol" is	paula abdul.
one person you once loved on "american idol" is	clay aiken.
one person you once loved on "american idol" is	bo bice.
one person you once loved on "american idol" is	constantine m..
one thing from thanksgiving dinner you couldn't carry on a plane is	turkey.
one thing from thanksgiving dinner you couldn't carry on a plane is	carving knife.
one thing from thanksgiving dinner you couldn't carry on a plane is	alcohol.
one thing from thanksgiving dinner you couldn't carry on a plane is	gravy.
one thing from thanksgiving dinner you couldn't carry on a plane is	cranberry sauce.
one animal in the park people like to feed is	birds.
one animal in the park people like to feed is	squirrels.
one animal in the park people like to feed is	ducks.
one animal in the park people like to feed is	monkeys.
one animal in the park people like to feed is	goats.
one animal in the park people like to feed is	horses.
one occupation that edward scissorhands would be good at is	gardener.
one occupation that edward scissorhands would be good at is	barber.
one occupation that edward scissorhands would be good at is	seamstress.
one thing you drink at the first sign of a cold to try to ward it off is	tea.
one thing you drink at the first sign of a cold to try to ward it off is	orange juice.
one thing that a big brother teaches his little brother how to do is	throw ball.
one thing that a big brother teaches his little brother how to do is	ride a bike.
one thing that a big brother teaches his little brother how to do is	pick up girls.
one thing that a big brother teaches his little brother how to do is	tie laces.
one thing that a big brother teaches his little brother how to do is	fight.
one thing that a big brother teaches his little brother how to do is	go to bathroom.
one famous robot from movies or tv is	r2d2.
one famous robot from movies or tv is	robocop.
one famous robot from movies or tv is	bender.
one famous robot from movies or tv is	wall-e.
one famous robot from movies or tv is	johnny 5.
one thing that health-conscious people look for food to be low in is	fat.
one thing that health-conscious people look for food to be low in is	sodium.
one thing that health-conscious people look for food to be low in is	carbohydrates.
one thing that health-conscious people look for food to be low in is	calories.
one thing that health-conscious people look for food to be low in is	cholesterol.
one thing that health-conscious people look for food to be low in is	sugar.
one person you should never lie to is	your parents.
one person you should never lie to is	your spouse.
one person you should never lie to is	priests.
one person you should never lie to is	yourself.
one person you should never lie to is	your boss.
one thing that has many wheels is	truck.
one thing that has many wheels is	car.
one thing that has many wheels is	train.
one thing that has many wheels is	bus.
one thing you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home is	family photos.
one thing you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home is	pet.
one thing you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home is	clothes.
one thing you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home is	kids.
one thing you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home is	computers.
one occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing is	politics.
one occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing is	ceo.
one occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing is	road work.
one occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing is	manager.
one occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing is	security guard.
one occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing is	telemarketer.
one occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing is	principal.
one occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing is	dmv worker.
the most obnoxious person on tv is	rosie o'donnell.
the most obnoxious person on tv is	simon cowell.
the most obnoxious person on tv is	howard stern.
the most obnoxious person on tv is	judge judy.
the most obnoxious person on tv is	conan o'brien.
the most obnoxious person on tv is	donald trump.
one gift that a guest might bring to dinner is	bottle of wine.
one gift that a guest might bring to dinner is	flowers.
one gift that a guest might bring to dinner is	cake.
one gift that a guest might bring to dinner is	pie.
one gift that a guest might bring to dinner is	bread rolls.
one animal you'd recognize by a picture of its ears is	elephant.
one animal you'd recognize by a picture of its ears is	rabbit.
one animal you'd recognize by a picture of its ears is	dog.
one animal you'd recognize by a picture of its ears is	donkey.
one animal you'd recognize by a picture of its ears is	monkey.
one animal you'd recognize by a picture of its ears is	kangaroo.
one celebrity that might make your spouse jealous is	brad pitt.
one celebrity that might make your spouse jealous is	denzel washington.
one celebrity that might make your spouse jealous is	george clooney.
one celebrity that might make your spouse jealous is	tom cruise.
one celebrity that might make your spouse jealous is	angelina jolie.
one thing you wear on the beach is	swimsuit.
one thing you wear on the beach is	sunglasses.
one thing you wear on the beach is	flip flops.
one thing you wear on the beach is	sunscreen.
one thing that kids don't want to be teased about wearing is	glasses.
one thing that kids don't want to be teased about wearing is	braces.
one thing that kids don't want to be teased about wearing is	clothes.
one tv soap opera is	eastenders.
one tv soap opera is	coronation st..
one tv soap opera is	emmerdale.
one tv soap opera is	neighbours.
one tv soap opera is	hollyoaks.
one tv soap opera is	brookside.
one thing people skip when they're feeling sick is	meals.
one thing people skip when they're feeling sick is	work.
one thing people skip when they're feeling sick is	school.
one thing people skip when they're feeling sick is	chores.
one thing people skip when they're feeling sick is	medication.
one thing people skip when they're feeling sick is	family functions.
one thing people use to protect themselves from the sun is	sunscreen.
one thing people use to protect themselves from the sun is	sunglasses.
one thing people use to protect themselves from the sun is	umbrella.
one thing people use to protect themselves from the sun is	hat.
one thing some men still consider unmanly to do is	cry.
one thing some men still consider unmanly to do is	housework.
one thing some men still consider unmanly to do is	manicure.
one thing some men still consider unmanly to do is	carry bag.
one thing some men still consider unmanly to do is	hug.
one thing some men still consider unmanly to do is	wear pink.
one thing inconsiderate that people do in parking lots is	parking in two spots.
one thing inconsiderate that people do in parking lots is	take your spot.
one thing inconsiderate that people do in parking lots is	litter.
one thing inconsiderate that people do in parking lots is	scrapes.
one thing inconsiderate that people do in parking lots is	parking in handicap.
one wild animal that you'd be foolish to keep as a pet is	tiger.
one wild animal that you'd be foolish to keep as a pet is	lion.
one wild animal that you'd be foolish to keep as a pet is	bear.
one wild animal that you'd be foolish to keep as a pet is	wolf.
one wild animal that you'd be foolish to keep as a pet is	skunk.
one wild animal that you'd be foolish to keep as a pet is	alligator.
one gift for one person who has just had a baby is	clothes.
one gift for one person who has just had a baby is	blanket.
one gift for one person who has just had a baby is	teddy.
one gift for one person who has just had a baby is	rattle.
one gift for one person who has just had a baby is	booties.
one gift for one person who has just had a baby is	jumpsuit.
one thing in your office that's covered in germs is	telephone.
one thing in your office that's covered in germs is	keyboard.
one thing in your office that's covered in germs is	toilet.
one thing in your office that's covered in germs is	doorknobs.
one thing in your office that's covered in germs is	desk.
one thing in your office that's covered in germs is	water cooler.
one thing in your office that's covered in germs is	pen.
one thing in your office that's covered in germs is	copy machine.
one award show where celebrities always cry when they win is	oscars.
one award show where celebrities always cry when they win is	emmy awards.
one award show where celebrities always cry when they win is	grammy awards.
one award show where celebrities always cry when they win is	miss america.
one award show where celebrities always cry when they win is	golden globe.
one award show where celebrities always cry when they win is	country music.
one thing people put their fingers in their mouth to do is	pick teeth.
one thing people put their fingers in their mouth to do is	floss.
one thing people put their fingers in their mouth to do is	bite nails.
one thing people put their fingers in their mouth to do is	suck finger/thumb.
one thing people put their fingers in their mouth to do is	whistle.
one thing people put their fingers in their mouth to do is	eat/taste food.
one thing you envy about your children is	they're young.
one thing you envy about your children is	energy.
one thing you envy about your children is	innocence.
one thing you envy about your children is	no worries.
one thing you envy about your children is	freedom.
one thing you envy about your children is	opportunities.
one thing you envy about your children is	friends.
one specific topping people put on yogurt is	strawberries.
one specific topping people put on yogurt is	granola.
one specific topping people put on yogurt is	chocolate.
one specific topping people put on yogurt is	nuts.
one specific topping people put on yogurt is	whipped cream.
one specific topping people put on yogurt is	sprinkles.
one thing you put on a sandwich is	bread.
one thing you put on a sandwich is	ham.
one thing you put on a sandwich is	turkey.
one thing you put on a sandwich is	mayonnaise.
one thing you put on a sandwich is	peanut butter.
one public place where you might see quarreling lovers make a scene is	restaurant.
one public place where you might see quarreling lovers make a scene is	park.
one public place where you might see quarreling lovers make a scene is	bar/nightclub.
one public place where you might see quarreling lovers make a scene is	mall.
one public place where you might see quarreling lovers make a scene is	movie/theater.
one thing that parents can't wait for their children to get out of is	out of house.
one thing that parents can't wait for their children to get out of is	out of diapers.
one thing that parents can't wait for their children to get out of is	school/college.
one thing that parents can't wait for their children to get out of is	adolescence.
one occupation whose members use the expression "off duty" is	police officer.
one occupation whose members use the expression "off duty" is	taxi driver.
one occupation whose members use the expression "off duty" is	military.
one occupation whose members use the expression "off duty" is	firefighter.
one occupation whose members use the expression "off duty" is	security guard.
one occupation whose members use the expression "off duty" is	lifeguard.
one thing you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house is	take hot bath.
one thing you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house is	sleep/dream.
one thing you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house is	watch tv/movie.
one thing you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house is	read a book.
one thing you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house is	go to room.
one thing you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house is	listen to music.
one thing you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house is	meditate.
one feature of a kangaroo is	tail.
one feature of a kangaroo is	pouch.
one feature of a kangaroo is	jumps.
one feature of a kangaroo is	feet.
one feature of a kangaroo is	austrailian.
one feature of a kangaroo is	paws.
one feature of a kangaroo is	joey.
one thing a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it is	telephone.
one thing a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it is	television.
one thing a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it is	food.
one thing a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it is	bathroom.
one thing a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it is	diapers.
one thing a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it is	water.
one thing a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it is	toilet paper.
one beverage that is served at a kid's birthday party is	kool aid.
one beverage that is served at a kid's birthday party is	punch.
one beverage that is served at a kid's birthday party is	soda.
one beverage that is served at a kid's birthday party is	lemonade.
one beverage that is served at a kid's birthday party is	milk.
one thing you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belonged to a surgeon is	scalpel.
one thing you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belonged to a surgeon is	stethoscope.
one thing you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belonged to a surgeon is	scrubs.
one thing you might bring to one person who is sick is	soup.
one thing you might bring to one person who is sick is	flowers.
one thing you might bring to one person who is sick is	card.
one thing you might bring to one person who is sick is	medicine.
one thing you might bring to one person who is sick is	book.
one thing you might bring to one person who is sick is	fruit.
one thing that has passengers is	bus.
one thing that has passengers is	airplane.
one thing that has passengers is	car.
one thing that has passengers is	train.
one thing that has passengers is	boat.
one spice used in cooking is	pepper.
one spice used in cooking is	salt.
one spice used in cooking is	oregano.
one spice used in cooking is	cinnamon.
one spice used in cooking is	basil.
one famous man named "sean" is	sean connery.
one famous man named "sean" is	sean penn.
one famous man named "sean" is	shawn wayans.
one famous man named "sean" is	sean cassidy.
one animal you hope you could outrun if it were chasing you is	bear.
one animal you hope you could outrun if it were chasing you is	tiger.
one animal you hope you could outrun if it were chasing you is	dog.
one animal you hope you could outrun if it were chasing you is	lion.
one animal you hope you could outrun if it were chasing you is	cheetah.
one disney movie that made you cry is	bambi.
one disney movie that made you cry is	old yeller.
one disney movie that made you cry is	lion king.
one disney movie that made you cry is	beauty & beast.
one disney movie that made you cry is	snow white.
one disney movie that made you cry is	dumbo.
one disney movie that made you cry is	little mermaid.
one european city you would love to live in is	paris.
one european city you would love to live in is	london.
one european city you would love to live in is	barcelona.
one european city you would love to live in is	amsterdam.
one us hockey team that has a big following is	detroit red wings.
one us hockey team that has a big following is	new york rangers.
one us hockey team that has a big following is	chicago blackhawks.
one us hockey team that has a big following is	pittsburgh penguins.
one us hockey team that has a big following is	boston bruins.
one thing you would like to have named after you is	child.
one thing you would like to have named after you is	scholarship.
one thing you would like to have named after you is	street.
one thing you would like to have named after you is	hospital.
one thing you would like to have named after you is	award.
one thing that would keep you from going back to a restaurant if it was bad is	food.
one thing that would keep you from going back to a restaurant if it was bad is	service.
one thing that would keep you from going back to a restaurant if it was bad is	bug problem.
one thing that would keep you from going back to a restaurant if it was bad is	sanitary condition.
one thing that would keep you from going back to a restaurant if it was bad is	price.
one place where you often find money unexpectedly is	couch.
one place where you often find money unexpectedly is	pocket.
one place where you often find money unexpectedly is	street.
one place where you often find money unexpectedly is	laundry.
one thing a pirate might use to distract a guard is	parrot.
one thing a pirate might use to distract a guard is	sword.
one thing a pirate might use to distract a guard is	hook.
one thing a pirate might use to distract a guard is	lady.
one thing a pirate might use to distract a guard is	treasure.
one thing people postpone doing for as long as possible is	bills.
one thing people postpone doing for as long as possible is	cleaning.
one thing people postpone doing for as long as possible is	getting married.
one thing people postpone doing for as long as possible is	going to dentist.
one thing people postpone doing for as long as possible is	going to doctor.
one thing visitors are told not to do in a museum is	touch.
one thing visitors are told not to do in a museum is	talk.
one noisy food you'd hate for one person to chomp next to you at the movie theatre is	popcorn.
one noisy food you'd hate for one person to chomp next to you at the movie theatre is	chips.
one person superman might send a christmas card to is	lois lane.
one person superman might send a christmas card to is	batman.
one person superman might send a christmas card to is	clark kent.
one person superman might send a christmas card to is	spiderman.
one person superman might send a christmas card to is	wonder woman.
one person superman might send a christmas card to is	lilith.
one person superman might send a christmas card to is	sidekick.
one thing a workman might wipe on his workpants is	grease.
one thing a workman might wipe on his workpants is	hands.
one thing a workman might wipe on his workpants is	paint.
one thing a workman might wipe on his workpants is	dirt.
one job that is dangerous is	police officer.
one job that is dangerous is	firefighter.
one job that is dangerous is	construction worker.
one job that is dangerous is	miner.
one job that is dangerous is	window washer.
one thing little red riding hood suspected was different about her grandmother is	big teeth.
one thing little red riding hood suspected was different about her grandmother is	big eyes.
one thing a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she is interested in is	sports.
one thing a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she is interested in is	cars.
one body part that many love songs mention is	the heart.
one body part that many love songs mention is	lips.
one body part that many love songs mention is	the eyes.
one body part that many love songs mention is	the face.
one thing of yours that's falling apart is	body.
one thing of yours that's falling apart is	life.
one thing of yours that's falling apart is	car.
one thing of yours that's falling apart is	house.
one thing of yours that's falling apart is	furniture.
one holiday when the post office is closed is	christmas.
one holiday when the post office is closed is	4th of july.
one holiday when the post office is closed is	memorial day.
one holiday when the post office is closed is	new years.
one holiday when the post office is closed is	thanksgiving.
one holiday when the post office is closed is	veteran's day.
one holiday when the post office is closed is	labor day.
one holiday when the post office is closed is	president's birthday.
one thing people worry about not having in their old age is	money.
one thing people worry about not having in their old age is	health.
one thing people worry about not having in their old age is	insurance.
one thing people worry about not having in their old age is	friends.
one thing people worry about not having in their old age is	children.
one thing people worry about not having in their old age is	hair.
one thing people worry about not having in their old age is	teeth.
one of the seven dwarfs is	dopey.
one of the seven dwarfs is	sleepy.
one of the seven dwarfs is	grumpy.
one of the seven dwarfs is	sneezy.
one of the seven dwarfs is	happy.
one of the seven dwarfs is	doc.
one of the seven dwarfs is	bashful.
one word or phrase that begins with the word "silver" is	bells.
one word or phrase that begins with the word "silver" is	bullet.
one word or phrase that begins with the word "silver" is	ware.
one word or phrase that begins with the word "silver" is	anniversary.
one word or phrase that begins with the word "silver" is	dollar.
one word or phrase that begins with the word "silver" is	lining.
one thing you waited for that was worth the wait is	marriage.
one thing you waited for that was worth the wait is	children.
one thing you waited for that was worth the wait is	making love.
one thing you waited for that was worth the wait is	good food.
one thing you waited for that was worth the wait is	bathroom.
one thing you waited for that was worth the wait is	vacation.
one thing you stuff just as full as you can get it is	turkey.
one thing you stuff just as full as you can get it is	trash cans.
one thing you stuff just as full as you can get it is	pillow.
one thing you stuff just as full as you can get it is	suitcase.
one thing you stuff just as full as you can get it is	xmas stocking.
one thing you stuff just as full as you can get it is	teddy bear.
one thing you stuff just as full as you can get it is	purse.
one thing you stuff just as full as you can get it is	stomach.
one thing women spend too much money on is	clothes.
one thing women spend too much money on is	shoes.
one thing women spend too much money on is	cosmetics.
one thing women spend too much money on is	haircuts.
one movie classic where at the end the lovers go their separate ways is	casablanca.
one movie classic where at the end the lovers go their separate ways is	gone with the wind.
one movie classic where at the end the lovers go their separate ways is	the body guard.
one thing you would see on a late-night talk show is	celebrities.
one thing you would see on a late-night talk show is	band.
one thing you would see on a late-night talk show is	comedian.
one thing you would see on a late-night talk show is	tv host.
one thing you would see on a late-night talk show is	furniture.
one company that makes batteries is	energizer.
one company that makes batteries is	duracell.
one company that makes batteries is	rayovac.
one company that makes batteries is	die hard.
one company that makes batteries is	hard.
one company that makes batteries is	ac delco.
one company that makes batteries is	delco.
one thing a boxer wears for protection is	cup/jockstrap.
one thing a boxer wears for protection is	mouth guard.
one thing a boxer wears for protection is	boxing gloves.
one thing a boxer wears for protection is	headgear.
one thing a woman throws out the window when she finds out her boyfriend has cheated on her is	his clothes.
one thing a woman throws out the window when she finds out her boyfriend has cheated on her is	his pictures.
one thing a woman throws out the window when she finds out her boyfriend has cheated on her is	ring/jewelry.
one thing a woman throws out the window when she finds out her boyfriend has cheated on her is	him/the bum.
one thing people say they're on is	drugs/medication.
one thing people say they're on is	a diet.
one thing people say they're on is	the phone.
one thing people say they're on is	cloud 9.
one thing people say they're on is	on time.
one thing people say they're on is	vacation/trip.
one thing people say they're on is	a mission.
one kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off is	church.
one kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off is	bus.
one kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off is	work.
one kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off is	classroom.
one kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off is	movie/theater.
one kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off is	subway/train.
one kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off is	doctor's office.
one kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off is	restaurant.
one thing a woman sees and thinks, "i gotta have it" is	shoes.
one thing a woman sees and thinks, "i gotta have it" is	purses.
one thing a woman sees and thinks, "i gotta have it" is	clothes.
one thing a woman sees and thinks, "i gotta have it" is	jewelry.
one thing a woman sees and thinks, "i gotta have it" is	cute guy.
one thing a woman sees and thinks, "i gotta have it" is	chocolate.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	bathroom tissue.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	paper.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	toilet paper.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	tp.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	dinner.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	sandwiches.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	nutrients.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	meals.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	suppers.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	lunches.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	desserts.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	tucker.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	eats.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	groceries.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	food.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	edibles.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	drink water.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	water.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	repellent.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	raid.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	bug repellent.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	off.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	insect repellent.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	mosquito repellent.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	deet.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	spray.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	matches.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	timber.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	lumber.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	log.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	kindling.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	firewood.
one thing you would hate to run out of when you go camping is	wood.
one profession that people often dislike is	lawyer.
one profession that people often dislike is	dentist.
one profession that people often dislike is	telemarketer.
one profession that people often dislike is	politician.
one flower often seen at weddings is	roses.
one flower often seen at weddings is	carnations.
one flower often seen at weddings is	lilies.
one flower often seen at weddings is	orchids.
one flower often seen at weddings is	tulips.
one profession that traditionally has more women than men is	nursing.
one profession that traditionally has more women than men is	teacher.
one profession that traditionally has more women than men is	maid.
one profession that traditionally has more women than men is	hairdresser.
one thing you might accidentally leave on a bus is	purse.
one thing you might accidentally leave on a bus is	backpack.
one thing you might accidentally leave on a bus is	cell phone.
one thing you might accidentally leave on a bus is	jacket.
one thing you might accidentally leave on a bus is	books.
one thing you might accidentally leave on a bus is	umbrella.
one thing you might accidentally leave on a bus is	gloves.
one thing you might accidentally leave on a bus is	wallet.
one occasion when people might include some cash in a card is	birthday.
one occasion when people might include some cash in a card is	wedding.
one occasion when people might include some cash in a card is	graduation.
one occasion when people might include some cash in a card is	christmas.
one thing people do with a christmas fruit cake is	throw away.
one thing people do with a christmas fruit cake is	eat it.
one thing people do with a christmas fruit cake is	re-gift.
one thing you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet is	dog poop.
one thing you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet is	dirt.
one thing you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet is	gum.
one thing you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet is	grass.
one thing you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet is	ant.
one thing you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet is	mud.
one thing you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet is	dog fleas.
one thing you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet is	dead insects.
one thing that might get passed around is	balls.
one thing that might get passed around is	illness.
one thing that might get passed around is	food.
one thing that might get passed around is	cigarettes.
one thing that might get passed around is	gossip.
one thing that might get passed around is	baby.
one thing you shouldn't leave out in hot weather is	food.
one thing you shouldn't leave out in hot weather is	pet.
one thing you shouldn't leave out in hot weather is	ice.
one thing you shouldn't leave out in hot weather is	drink.
one thing you shouldn't leave out in hot weather is	sunscreen.
one thing you shouldn't leave out in hot weather is	electronics.
one thing that's hard to stay on is	diet.
one thing that's hard to stay on is	bull.
one thing that's hard to stay on is	bronco.
one thing that's hard to stay on is	skateboard.
one thing that's hard to stay on is	ball.
one thing parents do to get a baby to stop crying is	rocking.
one thing parents do to get a baby to stop crying is	feed.
one thing parents do to get a baby to stop crying is	pacifier.
one thing parents do to get a baby to stop crying is	walk them.
one thing parents do to get a baby to stop crying is	make faces.
one thing canada is famous for is	hockey.
one thing canada is famous for is	the cold.
one thing canada is famous for is	niagara falls.
one thing canada is famous for is	mounties.
one thing canada is famous for is	beer.
one thing canada is famous for is	bacon.
one thing a woman has that her boyfriend might consider "baggage" is	ex-boyfriend.
one thing a woman has that her boyfriend might consider "baggage" is	kids.
one thing a woman has that her boyfriend might consider "baggage" is	body weight.
one thing a woman has that her boyfriend might consider "baggage" is	makeup.
one thing a woman has that her boyfriend might consider "baggage" is	purse.
one thing a woman has that her boyfriend might consider "baggage" is	clothes.
one thing that dogs seem to enjoy doing is	sleeping.
one thing that dogs seem to enjoy doing is	playing.
one thing that dogs seem to enjoy doing is	licking.
one thing that dogs seem to enjoy doing is	running.
one thing that dogs seem to enjoy doing is	eating.
one thing that dogs seem to enjoy doing is	barking.
one thing that dogs seem to enjoy doing is	digging.
one thing people do when they are happy is	smile.
one thing people do when they are happy is	laugh.
one thing people do when they are happy is	sing.
one thing people do when they are happy is	dance.
one thing people do when they are happy is	jump up and down.
one thing that comes in threes is	triplets.
one thing that comes in threes is	death.
one thing that comes in threes is	bad luck.
one thing that comes in threes is	blind mice.
one thing that comes in threes is	wishes.
one thing that comes in threes is	clothes.
one thing that comes in threes is	clover.
one thing that comes in threes is	holy trinity.
one thing that might cause your car not to start is	dead battery.
one thing that might cause your car not to start is	no gas.
one thing that might cause your car not to start is	cold weather.
one thing that might cause your car not to start is	engine trouble.
one thing that might cause your car not to start is	no water.
one good outdoor sport for a husband and wife to do together is	playing tennis.
one good outdoor sport for a husband and wife to do together is	golf/min. golf.
one good outdoor sport for a husband and wife to do together is	walking/hiking.
one good outdoor sport for a husband and wife to do together is	riding bikes.
one good outdoor sport for a husband and wife to do together is	swimming.
one thing every teacher needs is	students.
one thing every teacher needs is	patience.
one thing every teacher needs is	pencils.
one thing every teacher needs is	diploma.
one thing every teacher needs is	books.
one thing every teacher needs is	sense of humor.
one thing every teacher needs is	red pen.
one thing you might find on a fire truck is	hose.
one thing you might find on a fire truck is	ladder.
one thing you might find on a fire truck is	dalamatian.
one thing you might find on a fire truck is	firefighter.
one thing you might find on a fire truck is	siren/bell.
one thing you might have to watch out for while skiing the slopes is	trees.
one thing you might have to watch out for while skiing the slopes is	ice.
one thing people alphabetize is	address book.
one thing people alphabetize is	flies.
one thing people alphabetize is	recipes.
one thing people alphabetize is	lists.
one thing people alphabetize is	soup.
one thing people alphabetize is	spices.
one thing guests get hit with on "jerry springer" is	fists/hands.
one thing guests get hit with on "jerry springer" is	chairs.
one thing guests get hit with on "jerry springer" is	pies/cakes.
one thing guests get hit with on "jerry springer" is	hurtful words.
one thing guests get hit with on "jerry springer" is	shoes.
one thing guests get hit with on "jerry springer" is	underwear/bras.
one thing that people shorten is	skirt.
one thing that people shorten is	pants.
one thing that people shorten is	name.
one thing that people shorten is	hair.
one thing that you would see around a fireplace is	firewood.
one thing that you would see around a fireplace is	fireplace tools.
one thing that you would see around a fireplace is	fire screen.
one thing that you would see around a fireplace is	matches.
one thing that you would see around a fireplace is	andirons.
one thing that you would see around a fireplace is	mantel.
someting people bet on is	horserace.
someting people bet on is	poker.
someting people bet on is	football.
someting people bet on is	blackjack.
someting people bet on is	roulette.
one thing magicians try to escape from is	trunk/box.
one thing magicians try to escape from is	chains.
one thing magicians try to escape from is	water tank.
one thing magicians try to escape from is	handcuffs.
one thing magicians try to escape from is	straitjacket.
one thing magicians try to escape from is	cage.
one fruit you never buy just one of is	grapes.
one fruit you never buy just one of is	apple.
one fruit you never buy just one of is	orange.
one fruit you never buy just one of is	banana.
one fruit you never buy just one of is	strawberry.
one fruit you never buy just one of is	cherry.
one thing people are afraid of is	spiders.
one thing people are afraid of is	the dark.
one thing people are afraid of is	snakes.
one thing people are afraid of is	ghosts.
one thing people are afraid of is	heights.
one thing people are afraid of is	death.
one thing a mom might ask her daughter to turn off because it's time for bed is	tv.
one thing a mom might ask her daughter to turn off because it's time for bed is	lights.
one thing a mom might ask her daughter to turn off because it's time for bed is	computer.
one thing a mom might ask her daughter to turn off because it's time for bed is	radio.
one thing a mom might ask her daughter to turn off because it's time for bed is	mobile phone.
one thing a mom might ask her daughter to turn off because it's time for bed is	ipod.
one thing you might find a kid "buried" in is	sand.
one thing you might find a kid "buried" in is	snow.
one thing you might find a kid "buried" in is	toys.
one thing you might find a kid "buried" in is	leaves.
one thing you might find a kid "buried" in is	homework.
one thing that's foamy is	shaving cream.
one thing that's foamy is	soap/shampoo.
one thing that's foamy is	beer.
one thing that's foamy is	whipped cream.
one specific type of family function that your partner doesn't always want to attend is	reunion.
one specific type of family function that your partner doesn't always want to attend is	wedding.
one specific type of family function that your partner doesn't always want to attend is	funeral.
one specific type of family function that your partner doesn't always want to attend is	birthday.
one specific type of family function that your partner doesn't always want to attend is	dinner.
one activity that you typically do at summer camp is	learn to make fire.
one activity that you typically do at summer camp is	canoeing.
one activity that you typically do at summer camp is	roast marshmallows.
one activity that you typically do at summer camp is	go fishing.
one job that's hard to get if you have a prison record is	govern./politics.
one job that's hard to get if you have a prison record is	bank teller/bank.
one job that's hard to get if you have a prison record is	police.
one job that's hard to get if you have a prison record is	teacher/childcare.
one job that's hard to get if you have a prison record is	security job.
one thing people like to take photos of is	children.
one thing people like to take photos of is	nature.
one thing people like to take photos of is	family.
one thing people like to take photos of is	sunsets.
one thing people like to take photos of is	themselves.
one thing people expect to see in beverly hills is	celeb/rich people.
one thing people expect to see in beverly hills is	rodeo drive/shops.
one thing people expect to see in beverly hills is	fancy cars.
one thing people expect to see in beverly hills is	mansions.
one thing people expect to see in beverly hills is	palm trees.
one place perfect strangers sit next to each other is	movies.
one place perfect strangers sit next to each other is	bus.
one place perfect strangers sit next to each other is	diner.
one place perfect strangers sit next to each other is	airplane.
one place perfect strangers sit next to each other is	theater.
one place perfect strangers sit next to each other is	church.
the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation is	sleep/relax.
the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation is	unpack.
the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation is	shower.
the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation is	check mail.
the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation is	inspect house.
the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation is	open window.
the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation is	check messages.
one type of ticket stub that you might keep for sentimental reasons is	concert.
one type of ticket stub that you might keep for sentimental reasons is	movie.
one type of ticket stub that you might keep for sentimental reasons is	sporting event.
one type of ticket stub that you might keep for sentimental reasons is	prom/dance.
one type of ticket stub that you might keep for sentimental reasons is	airplane.
one occupation where laughing on the job would be considered rude is	doctor/psych..
one occupation where laughing on the job would be considered rude is	judge.
one occupation where laughing on the job would be considered rude is	mortician.
one occupation where laughing on the job would be considered rude is	police officer.
one occupation where laughing on the job would be considered rude is	secretary.
one occupation where laughing on the job would be considered rude is	clergy.
one thing you need for shaving is	razor.
one thing you need for shaving is	cream.
one thing you need for shaving is	hair.
one thing a plumber might have is	plunger.
one thing a plumber might have is	wrench.
one thing a plumber might have is	drain snake.
one thing a plumber might have is	pipes.
one thing a plumber might have is	plumber's crack.
one thing personal of yours that you deliberately burn is	letters.
one thing personal of yours that you deliberately burn is	pictures.
one thing personal of yours that you deliberately burn is	diary.
one thing personal of yours that you deliberately burn is	credit card.
one thing personal of yours that you deliberately burn is	bra.
one thing personal of yours that you deliberately burn is	draft card.
one thing personal of yours that you deliberately burn is	old clothes.
one thing you see on a country property is	cows.
one thing you see on a country property is	sheep.
one thing you see on a country property is	horses.
one thing you see on a country property is	fence.
one thing you see on a country property is	animals.
one thing you see on a country property is	trees.
one thing pirates would use as target practice is	bird.
one thing pirates would use as target practice is	ship.
one thing pirates would use as target practice is	bottles.
one thing pirates would use as target practice is	fish.
one thing pirates would use as target practice is	another pirate.
one thing pirates would use as target practice is	barrels.
one president of the united states who came from humble beginnings is	abraham lincoln.
one president of the united states who came from humble beginnings is	bill clinton.
one president of the united states who came from humble beginnings is	jimmy carter.
one president of the united states who came from humble beginnings is	harry truman.
one thing that tastes best fresh out of the oven is	bread.
one thing that tastes best fresh out of the oven is	pie.
one pet that doesn't live very long is	fish.
one pet that doesn't live very long is	birds.
one pet that doesn't live very long is	hamsters.
one pet that doesn't live very long is	housefly.
one pet that doesn't live very long is	mouse.
one pet that doesn't live very long is	turtle.
one thing that might get you detention is	fighting.
one thing that might get you detention is	talking.
one thing that might get you detention is	cutting glass.
one thing that might get you detention is	swearing.
one thing that might get you detention is	being late.
one thing that might get you detention is	not doing homework.
one common way to sign off an email is	regards.
one common way to sign off an email is	cheers.
one common way to sign off an email is	bye.
one common way to sign off an email is	see ya.
one common way to sign off an email is	love.
one common way to sign off an email is	thanks.
one place where one person might find summer romance is	the beach.
one place where one person might find summer romance is	summer camp.
one place where one person might find summer romance is	paris.
one place where one person might find summer romance is	vacation.
one place where one person might find summer romance is	the park.
one place where one person might find summer romance is	swimming pool.
one noise that people can't prevent themselves from making is	burp.
one noise that people can't prevent themselves from making is	sneeze.
one noise that people can't prevent themselves from making is	snore.
one noise that people can't prevent themselves from making is	passing gas.
one noise that people can't prevent themselves from making is	hiccup.
one noise that people can't prevent themselves from making is	cough.
one thing dogs can do for hours at a time is	sleep.
one thing dogs can do for hours at a time is	lick themselves.
one thing dogs can do for hours at a time is	play.
one thing dogs can do for hours at a time is	bark.
one thing dogs can do for hours at a time is	run.
one thing dogs can do for hours at a time is	eat.
one toy you might find in a little boy's room is	cars.
one toy you might find in a little boy's room is	truck.
one toy you might find in a little boy's room is	train.
one toy you might find in a little boy's room is	teddy.
one toy you might find in a little boy's room is	soldiers.
one food that's difficult to eat with a fork is	soup.
one food that's difficult to eat with a fork is	spaghetti.
one food that's difficult to eat with a fork is	peas.
one food that's difficult to eat with a fork is	corn on the cob.
one food that's difficult to eat with a fork is	ice cream.
one food that's difficult to eat with a fork is	rice.
one food that's difficult to eat with a fork is	porridge.
one food that's difficult to eat with a fork is	fried chicken.
one thing department stores don't allow you to do in them is	smoke.
one thing department stores don't allow you to do in them is	eat/drink.
one thing department stores don't allow you to do in them is	shoplift/steal.
one thing department stores don't allow you to do in them is	try on underwear.
one thing department stores don't allow you to do in them is	open things.
one thing department stores don't allow you to do in them is	undress in aisles.
one thing you might do that could cause you to sweat a lot is	exercise.
one thing you might do that could cause you to sweat a lot is	sports.
one thing you might do that could cause you to sweat a lot is	work.
one thing you might do that could cause you to sweat a lot is	in sun.
one thing you might do that could cause you to sweat a lot is	spicy.
one thing you might do that could cause you to sweat a lot is	nervousness.
one thing parents ask their children to do more quietly is	play.
one thing parents ask their children to do more quietly is	speak.
one thing parents ask their children to do more quietly is	play their music.
one thing parents ask their children to do more quietly is	watch tv.
one thing parents ask their children to do more quietly is	chew.
one thing religious that is found in many homes is	cross.
one thing religious that is found in many homes is	bible.
one thing religious that is found in many homes is	statue.
one thing religious that is found in many homes is	pictures.
one type of fish people like to eat is	salmon.
one type of fish people like to eat is	catfish.
one type of fish people like to eat is	tuna fish.
one type of fish people like to eat is	tilapia.
one type of fish people like to eat is	trout.
one type of fish people like to eat is	cod fish.
one thing there is too much/ many of on tv is	reality shows.
one thing there is too much/ many of on tv is	commercials.
one thing there is too much/ many of on tv is	nudity.
one thing there is too much/ many of on tv is	crime/violence.
one thing you never clean in your house is	fan.
one thing you never clean in your house is	basement.
one thing you never clean in your house is	dishwasher.
one thing you never clean in your house is	trash can.
one thing that would tell you your blind date is british is	accent.
one thing that would tell you your blind date is british is	teeth.
one thing that would tell you your blind date is british is	dapper clothing.
one thing you need when setting a table is	silverware.
one thing you need when setting a table is	plates.
one thing most people have more of than they really need is	clothes.
one thing most people have more of than they really need is	fat.
one thing most people have more of than they really need is	bills.
one thing most people have more of than they really need is	food.
one thing most people have more of than they really need is	time.
one famous college located in california is	ucla.
one famous college located in california is	usc.
one famous college located in california is	stanford.
one famous college located in california is	berkley.
one famous college located in california is	cal tech.
one movie keanu reeves starred in is	matrix series.
one movie keanu reeves starred in is	speed.
one movie keanu reeves starred in is	bill & ted movies.
one movie keanu reeves starred in is	the devil's advocate.
one movie keanu reeves starred in is	point break.
one movie keanu reeves starred in is	replacements.
one chain of gas stations is	texaco.
one chain of gas stations is	shell.
one chain of gas stations is	arco.
one chain of gas stations is	mobil.
one chain of gas stations is	chevron.
one chain of gas stations is	conoco.
one chain of gas stations is	mobile.
one colour of the rainbow is	red.
one colour of the rainbow is	yellow.
one colour of the rainbow is	blue.
one colour of the rainbow is	pink.
one colour of the rainbow is	purple.
one colour of the rainbow is	indigo.
one thing you would miss if you were not in the us for the 4th of july is	fireworks.
one thing you would miss if you were not in the us for the 4th of july is	celebrating.
one thing you would miss if you were not in the us for the 4th of july is	parades.
one thing you would miss if you were not in the us for the 4th of july is	cookouts.
one thing you would miss if you were not in the us for the 4th of july is	flags.
one thing you would miss if you were not in the us for the 4th of july is	family.
one thing that gives off light is	lamp.
one thing that gives off light is	sun.
one thing that gives off light is	flashlight.
one thing that gives off light is	candle.
one thing that gives off light is	moon.
one greek god everyone knows is	zeus.
one greek god everyone knows is	poseidon.
one greek god everyone knows is	hera.
one greek god everyone knows is	ares.
one greek god everyone knows is	aphrodite.
one kind of business where they take their sweet time waiting on you is	restaurant.
one kind of business where they take their sweet time waiting on you is	store.
one kind of business where they take their sweet time waiting on you is	doctor.
one kind of business where they take their sweet time waiting on you is	grocery store.
one kind of business where they take their sweet time waiting on you is	car dealer.
one kind of business where they take their sweet time waiting on you is	post office.
one thing gross a person might say they found in their fast food so they can sue the company is	finger.
one thing gross a person might say they found in their fast food so they can sue the company is	bug.
one thing gross a person might say they found in their fast food so they can sue the company is	hair.
one thing gross a person might say they found in their fast food so they can sue the company is	mouse.
one thing that can be arranged is	flowers.
one thing that can be arranged is	marriage.
one thing that can be arranged is	meeting.
one thing that can be arranged is	furniture/ room.
one thing that can be arranged is	music.
one thing that can be arranged is	funeral.
one thing people buy to prepare for hurricanes is	wood.
one thing people buy to prepare for hurricanes is	water.
one thing people buy to prepare for hurricanes is	food.
one thing people buy to prepare for hurricanes is	flashlights.
one thing people buy to prepare for hurricanes is	tape.
one thing people buy to prepare for hurricanes is	batteries.
one thing people buy to prepare for hurricanes is	candles.
one thing you might buy at a flea market is	furniture.
one thing you might buy at a flea market is	jewelry.
one thing you might buy at a flea market is	clothes.
one thing you might buy at a flea market is	antiques.
one thing you might buy at a flea market is	tools.
one reason you might not get hired for a job is	no experience.
one reason you might not get hired for a job is	criminal record.
one reason you might not get hired for a job is	appearance.
one reason you might not get hired for a job is	bad attitude.
one vegetable people grow in their garden is	tomato.
one vegetable people grow in their garden is	carrot.
one vegetable people grow in their garden is	green bean.
one vegetable people grow in their garden is	lettuce.
one vegetable people grow in their garden is	cucumber.
one food served in a high school cafeteria is	chicken nuggets.
one food served in a high school cafeteria is	macaroni and cheese.
one food served in a high school cafeteria is	hot dogs.
one food served in a high school cafeteria is	pizza.
one thing you have accidentally locked yourself out of is	car.
one thing you have accidentally locked yourself out of is	house.
one place where you see adults carrying sleeping children is	mall.
one place where you see adults carrying sleeping children is	fair.
one place where you see adults carrying sleeping children is	church.
one place where you see adults carrying sleeping children is	movie.
one place where you see adults carrying sleeping children is	airport.
one place where you see adults carrying sleeping children is	zoo.
one celebrity you wish people would compare you to is	oprah.
one celebrity you wish people would compare you to is	angelina jolie.
one celebrity you wish people would compare you to is	jennifer aniston.
one celebrity you wish people would compare you to is	marilyn monroe.
one celebrity you wish people would compare you to is	beyonce.
one celebrity you wish people would compare you to is	brad pitt.
one thing you would need if you wanted to play a game of water polo is	pool.
one thing you would need if you wanted to play a game of water polo is	ball.
one thing you wish you had been born with more of is	money.
one thing you wish you had been born with more of is	brains.
one thing you wish you had been born with more of is	hair.
one thing you wish you had been born with more of is	height.
one thing you wish you had been born with more of is	family.
one thing you wish you had been born with more of is	good looks.
one musical instrument in a marching band is	drum.
one musical instrument in a marching band is	trumpet.
one musical instrument in a marching band is	trombone.
one musical instrument in a marching band is	tuba.
one musical instrument in a marching band is	bagpipes.
one beverage you drink to cool off is	water.
one beverage you drink to cool off is	iced tea.
one beverage you drink to cool off is	soda.
one beverage you drink to cool off is	lemonade.
one beverage you drink to cool off is	beer.
one beverage you drink to cool off is	gatorade.
one thing a man would hate to run out of just before a date is	money.
one thing a man would hate to run out of just before a date is	condoms.
one thing a man would hate to run out of just before a date is	cologne/aft'shave.
one thing a man would hate to run out of just before a date is	deodorant.
one thing a man would hate to run out of just before a date is	breath mints/gum.
one thing you accumulate through life is	wisdom.
one thing you accumulate through life is	money.
one thing you accumulate through life is	momories.
one thing you accumulate through life is	clothes.
one thing you accumulate through life is	photographs.
one thing you accumulate through life is	friends.
one thing you can snap is	chicken fingers.
one thing you can snap is	fingers.
one thing you can snap is	strips.
one thing you can snap is	buttons.
one thing you can snap is	snap buttons.
one thing you can snap is	leads.
one thing you can snap is	pencils.
one thing you can snap is	branches.
one thing you can snap is	sticks.
one thing you can snap is	twigs.
one thing you can snap is	sweet peas.
one thing you can snap is	peas.
one thing which might tell one person that fall is in the air is	falling leaves.
one thing which might tell one person that fall is in the air is	cool weather.
one thing that gets in your eyes and stings them is	soap.
one thing that gets in your eyes and stings them is	smoke.
one thing that gets in your eyes and stings them is	onion fumes.
one thing that gets in your eyes and stings them is	dust.
one thing that gets in your eyes and stings them is	chlorine.
one thing that gets in your eyes and stings them is	salt water.
one thing that gets in your eyes and stings them is	sweat.
one thing cars have today that they didn't have 50 years ago is	airbags.
one thing cars have today that they didn't have 50 years ago is	seat belt.
one thing cars have today that they didn't have 50 years ago is	cd player.
one thing cars have today that they didn't have 50 years ago is	computer.
one thing cars have today that they didn't have 50 years ago is	cruise control.
one thing cars have today that they didn't have 50 years ago is	air conditioner.
one state that might go through a drought during the summer is	california.
one state that might go through a drought during the summer is	arizona.
one state that might go through a drought during the summer is	texas.
one state that might go through a drought during the summer is	nevada.
one state that might go through a drought during the summer is	florida.
one state that might go through a drought during the summer is	oklahoma.
one state that might go through a drought during the summer is	georgia.
one thing a police officer might carry is	gun.
one thing a police officer might carry is	billy club.
one thing a police officer might carry is	badge.
one thing a police officer might carry is	handcuffs.
one thing a police officer might carry is	flashlight.
one thing of yours that's black is	shoes.
one thing of yours that's black is	cat.
one thing of yours that's black is	purse.
one thing of yours that's black is	computer.
one thing of yours that's black is	car.
one thing of yours that's black is	hair.
one product that uses sexy women in its ads is	lingerie.
one product that uses sexy women in its ads is	perfume.
one product that uses sexy women in its ads is	beer.
one product that uses sexy women in its ads is	makeup.
one product that uses sexy women in its ads is	cars.
one product that uses sexy women in its ads is	swimsuit.
one thing that's better to do in the dark is	sleep.
one thing that's better to do in the dark is	make love/kiss.
one thing that's better to do in the dark is	watch tv/movie.
one thing that's better to do in the dark is	tell ghost story.
one thing that's better to do in the dark is	cry.
one good place to go on a first date is	movies.
one good place to go on a first date is	dinner.
one good place to go on a first date is	beach.
one good place to go on a first date is	mcdonald's.
one popular type of salad is	caesar.
one popular type of salad is	chef.
one popular type of salad is	garden.
one popular type of salad is	tuna.
one popular type of salad is	waldorf.
one popular type of salad is	potato.
one thing you might put in your backyard to decorate if you were having a beach theme party is	umbrella.
one thing you might put in your backyard to decorate if you were having a beach theme party is	sand.
one thing you might put in your backyard to decorate if you were having a beach theme party is	pool.
one thing you might put in your backyard to decorate if you were having a beach theme party is	torches.
one thing you might put in your backyard to decorate if you were having a beach theme party is	volleyball net.
one thing you might put in your backyard to decorate if you were having a beach theme party is	palm tree.
one thing people stretch is	legs.
one thing people stretch is	muscles.
one thing people stretch is	clothes.
one thing people stretch is	elastic bands.
one thing people stretch is	arms.
one thing people stretch is	budgets.
one thing people do for one person who feels faint is	get water.
one thing people do for one person who feels faint is	sit/lie down.
one thing people do for one person who feels faint is	get cold cloth.
one thing people do for one person who feels faint is	fan them.
one game you might play at a 4th of july party is	horseshoes.
one game you might play at a 4th of july party is	baseball.
one game you might play at a 4th of july party is	volleyball.
one game you might play at a 4th of july party is	tag.
one game you might play at a 4th of july party is	football.
one game you might play at a 4th of july party is	bean bag toss.
one game you might play at a 4th of july party is	frisbee.
one game you might play at a 4th of july party is	hide and seek.
one thing that's big and yellow is	school bus.
one thing that's big and yellow is	big bird.
one thing that's big and yellow is	the sun.
one thing that's big and yellow is	banana.
one thing that's big and yellow is	taxi cab.
one thing that's big and yellow is	squash.
one animal that is known for being black and white is	zebra.
one animal that is known for being black and white is	panda.
one animal that is known for being black and white is	skunk.
one animal that is known for being black and white is	dalmatian/dog.
one animal that is known for being black and white is	cat.
one animal that is known for being black and white is	cow.
one thing people hate to clean is	toilet.
one thing people hate to clean is	oven.
one thing people hate to clean is	bathtub.
one thing people hate to clean is	windows.
one thing people hate to clean is	dishes.
one thing people hate to clean is	car.
somewhere you might see a marching band is	parade.
somewhere you might see a marching band is	football game.
somewhere you might see a marching band is	game.
somewhere you might see a marching band is	tube.
somewhere you might see a marching band is	television.
somewhere you might see a marching band is	boob tube.
somewhere you might see a marching band is	on television.
somewhere you might see a marching band is	tv.
somewhere you might see a marching band is	pep rally.
somewhere you might see a marching band is	school gym.
somewhere you might see a marching band is	high school gym.
somewhere you might see a marching band is	gymnasium.
one thing you might grow in your garden is	tomatoes.
one thing you might grow in your garden is	flowers.
one thing you might grow in your garden is	lettuce.
one thing you might grow in your garden is	cucumbers.
one sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something" is	runny nose.
one sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something" is	coughing.
one sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something" is	fever.
one sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something" is	sneezing.
one sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something" is	sore throat.
one sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something" is	stuffy head.
one sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something" is	chills.
one thing that most people get more of the older they get is	gray hair.
one thing that most people get more of the older they get is	wrinkles.
one thing that most people get more of the older they get is	pain/ailments.
one thing that most people get more of the older they get is	weight.
one thing that most people get more of the older they get is	crankiness.
one thing that most people get more of the older they get is	knowledge.
one thing that most people get more of the older they get is	money.
one beverage you can't imagine drinking on a hot day is	coffee.
one beverage you can't imagine drinking on a hot day is	hot chocolate.
one hollywood's biggest "mama's boy" is	ashton kutcher.
one hollywood's biggest "mama's boy" is	george clooney.
one hollywood's biggest "mama's boy" is	tom cruise.
one hollywood's biggest "mama's boy" is	sean combs.
one hollywood's biggest "mama's boy" is	michael jackson.
one hollywood's biggest "mama's boy" is	will smith.
one hollywood's biggest "mama's boy" is	adam sandler.
one horror movie that's had a lot of sequels is	scream.
one horror movie that's had a lot of sequels is	halloween.
one horror movie that's had a lot of sequels is	friday the thirteenth.
one horror movie that's had a lot of sequels is	nightmare on elm street.
one horror movie that's had a lot of sequels is	frankenstein.
one horror movie that's had a lot of sequels is	jaws.
one kind of boat you couldn'd pull a water skier with is	row boat.
one kind of boat you couldn'd pull a water skier with is	sail boat.
one food recognizable by its odor is	onions.
one food recognizable by its odor is	fish.
one food recognizable by its odor is	garlic.
one food recognizable by its odor is	pizza.
one food recognizable by its odor is	cabbage.
one food recognizable by its odor is	popcorn.
one food recognizable by its odor is	cheese.
one thing you would have to get used to if you joined the military is	discipline.
one thing you would have to get used to if you joined the military is	early mornings.
one thing you would have to get used to if you joined the military is	hairstyle.
one thing you would have to get used to if you joined the military is	running.
one thing you would have to get used to if you joined the military is	food.
one sport that americans excel at is	football.
one sport that americans excel at is	basketball.
one sport that americans excel at is	baseball.
one sport that americans excel at is	swimming.
one sport that americans excel at is	golf.
one thing a surgeon might wear is	mask.
one thing a surgeon might wear is	gloves.
one thing a surgeon might wear is	scrubs.
one thing a surgeon might wear is	cap.
one thing you check if you're last one to leave the office at night is	doors are locked.
one thing you check if you're last one to leave the office at night is	lights off.
one thing you check if you're last one to leave the office at night is	computers off.
one thing you check if you're last one to leave the office at night is	security alarm.
one thing you check if you're last one to leave the office at night is	coffee.
one thing you might step on at the beach is	seashells.
one thing you might step on at the beach is	jellyfish.
one thing you might step on at the beach is	crabs.
one thing you might step on at the beach is	rocks.
one thing you might step on at the beach is	towels.
one thing you might step on at the beach is	broken glass.
one place where you might have a picnic is	park.
one place where you might have a picnic is	beach.
one place where you might have a picnic is	backyard.
one place where you might have a picnic is	school.
one place where you might have a picnic is	woods.
one place you'd hate to be when you receive a call from your cell phone is	bathroom.
one place you'd hate to be when you receive a call from your cell phone is	church.
one place you'd hate to be when you receive a call from your cell phone is	car/driving.
one place you'd hate to be when you receive a call from your cell phone is	movie/theater.
one place you'd hate to be when you receive a call from your cell phone is	work.
one place you would not want your spouse to find you is	strip club.
one place you would not want your spouse to find you is	cheating.
one place you would not want your spouse to find you is	bars.
one place you would not want your spouse to find you is	casino.
one thing teenagers cannot live without is	cell phone.
one thing teenagers cannot live without is	music.
one thing teenagers cannot live without is	friends.
one thing teenagers cannot live without is	computers.
one thing teenagers cannot live without is	tv.
one animal a human might be able to outrun is	turtles.
one animal a human might be able to outrun is	snails.
one animal a human might be able to outrun is	dogs.
one animal a human might be able to outrun is	chickens.
one animal a human might be able to outrun is	sloths.
one thing you might eat at a seafood restaurant is	shrimp.
one thing you might eat at a seafood restaurant is	lobster.
one thing you might eat at a seafood restaurant is	fish.
one thing you might eat at a seafood restaurant is	crab.
one thing that a child would touch but an adult would not is	bugs.
one thing that a child would touch but an adult would not is	dirt.
one thing that a child would touch but an adult would not is	worms.
one thing that a child would touch but an adult would not is	poop.
one thing that a child would touch but an adult would not is	hot stove.
one thing that a child would touch but an adult would not is	boogers.
one thing that some women's lives seem to revolve around is	kids.
one thing that some women's lives seem to revolve around is	spouse.
one thing that some women's lives seem to revolve around is	shopping.
one thing that some women's lives seem to revolve around is	money.
one thing that some women's lives seem to revolve around is	job.
one thing that some women's lives seem to revolve around is	clothes.
one thing that grows very fast is	weeds.
one thing that grows very fast is	hair.
one thing that grows very fast is	grass.
one thing that grows very fast is	children.
one thing that grows very fast is	trees.
one thing that grows very fast is	vines.
one worry you have now that you didn't when you were 10 years old is	money.
one worry you have now that you didn't when you were 10 years old is	health.
one worry you have now that you didn't when you were 10 years old is	children.
one worry you have now that you didn't when you were 10 years old is	relationships.
one worry you have now that you didn't when you were 10 years old is	job security.
one worry you have now that you didn't when you were 10 years old is	getting old.
one thing capable of destroying a city is	bomb.
one thing capable of destroying a city is	hurricane.
one thing capable of destroying a city is	tsunami.
one thing capable of destroying a city is	earthquake.
one thing capable of destroying a city is	fire.
one thing capable of destroying a city is	godzilla.
one thing that kids get more of from their mom than they get from their dad is	love/affection.
one thing that kids get more of from their mom than they get from their dad is	attention/time.
one thing that kids get more of from their mom than they get from their dad is	money.
one thing that kids get more of from their mom than they get from their dad is	discipline.
one thing that kids get more of from their mom than they get from their dad is	food/snacks.
one thing that kids get more of from their mom than they get from their dad is	toys.
one article of clothing that you don't need a dressing room to try on is	jacket.
one article of clothing that you don't need a dressing room to try on is	footwear.
one article of clothing that you don't need a dressing room to try on is	hat.
one article of clothing that you don't need a dressing room to try on is	scarf/tie.
one article of clothing that you don't need a dressing room to try on is	belt.
one thing neighbors might have a dispute about is	loud noise.
one thing neighbors might have a dispute about is	property line.
one thing neighbors might have a dispute about is	dogs.
one thing neighbors might have a dispute about is	trees.
one thing neighbors might have a dispute about is	kids.
one us tourist attraction everyone wants to visit is	statue of liberty.
one us tourist attraction everyone wants to visit is	disney.
one us tourist attraction everyone wants to visit is	grand canyon.
one us tourist attraction everyone wants to visit is	white house.
one us tourist attraction everyone wants to visit is	yellowstone.
the most boring way to spend your summer is	stay at home.
the most boring way to spend your summer is	working.
the most boring way to spend your summer is	summer school.
the most boring way to spend your summer is	reading.
the most boring way to spend your summer is	sleeping.
the most boring way to spend your summer is	watching tv.
one way you know your dog is happy to see you is	wags tail.
one way you know your dog is happy to see you is	jumps on you.
one way you know your dog is happy to see you is	licks you.
one way you know your dog is happy to see you is	jump up and down.
one way you know your dog is happy to see you is	bites you playfully.
one way you know your dog is happy to see you is	runs towards you.
one way you know your dog is happy to see you is	sniffs your butt.
one thing you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift is	clothes.
one thing you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift is	cash.
one thing you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift is	appliances.
one thing you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift is	bills.
one thing you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift is	nothing.
one thing you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift is	vacuum cleaner.
one thing you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift is	books.
one thing a little kid might try to flush down the toilet is	toys.
one thing a little kid might try to flush down the toilet is	fish.
one thing a little kid might try to flush down the toilet is	pets.
one thing a little kid might try to flush down the toilet is	food.
one thing a little kid might try to flush down the toilet is	jewelry.
one thing a little kid might try to flush down the toilet is	paper.
one thing that pours out thick is	syrup.
one thing that pours out thick is	ketchup.
one thing that pours out thick is	honey.
one thing that pours out thick is	molasses.
one thing that pours out thick is	cement.
one thing that pours out thick is	gravy.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed is	use bathroom.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed is	watch tv.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed is	brush teeth.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed is	eat.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed is	pray.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed is	reading.
soemthing that goes up and down is	elevator.
soemthing that goes up and down is	seesaw.
soemthing that goes up and down is	yoyo.
soemthing that goes up and down is	thermometer.
soemthing that goes up and down is	ball.
soemthing that goes up and down is	airplane.
one thing the jetsons had that you'd love to have in your lifetime is	hover car.
one thing the jetsons had that you'd love to have in your lifetime is	robot maid.
one thing the jetsons had that you'd love to have in your lifetime is	dog that speaks.
one thing the jetsons had that you'd love to have in your lifetime is	space mansion.
one thing the jetsons had that you'd love to have in your lifetime is	jetpacks.
one field in which many of america's richest people have made their fortunes is	oil.
one field in which many of america's richest people have made their fortunes is	stock market.
one field in which many of america's richest people have made their fortunes is	entertainment.
one field in which many of america's richest people have made their fortunes is	real estate.
one field in which many of america's richest people have made their fortunes is	computer.
one field in which many of america's richest people have made their fortunes is	medical field.
one thing drivers do when they get lost is	get directions.
one thing drivers do when they get lost is	keep driving.
one thing drivers do when they get lost is	stop at gas station.
one thing drivers do when they get lost is	get mad.
one thing drivers do when they get lost is	look at map.
one occupation that uses a drill is	builder.
one occupation that uses a drill is	carpenter.
one occupation that uses a drill is	electrician.
one occupation that uses a drill is	dentist.
one occupation that uses a drill is	plumber.
one common complaint people have about their boss is	demanding.
one common complaint people have about their boss is	mean.
one common complaint people have about their boss is	cheap.
one common complaint people have about their boss is	discriminates.
one common complaint people have about their boss is	unsympathetic.
one thing you've been bitten by is	mosquito.
one thing you've been bitten by is	dog.
one thing you've been bitten by is	spider.
one thing you've been bitten by is	bee.
one thing you've been bitten by is	snake.
one thing people do not want to drink on a hot day is	coffee.
one thing people do not want to drink on a hot day is	hot cocoa.
one thing people do not want to drink on a hot day is	tea.
one thing people do not want to drink on a hot day is	milk.
one business that looks forward to valentine's day is	send us your answers!.
one business that looks forward to valentine's day is	florists.
one business that looks forward to valentine's day is	restaurants.
one thing that parents won't let their kids skip is	school/homework.
one thing that parents won't let their kids skip is	meals.
one thing that parents won't let their kids skip is	religious service.
one thing parents avoid talking to their kids about until they are older is	sex.
one thing parents avoid talking to their kids about until they are older is	drugs.
one thing parents avoid talking to their kids about until they are older is	dating.
one thing parents avoid talking to their kids about until they are older is	bills.
one thing people lose as they get older is	hair.
one thing people lose as they get older is	memory.
one thing people lose as they get older is	eyesight.
one thing people lose as they get older is	teeth.
one thing people lose as they get older is	hearing.
one thing people lose as they get older is	stamina.
one thing you might use to tell the time is	watch.
one thing you might use to tell the time is	clock.
one thing you might use to tell the time is	cell phone.
one thing you might use to tell the time is	sundial.
one thing parents might forbid their teenagers to do until their grades improve is	go out.
one thing parents might forbid their teenagers to do until their grades improve is	drive car.
one thing parents might forbid their teenagers to do until their grades improve is	watch tv.
one thing parents might forbid their teenagers to do until their grades improve is	play sports.
one thing that gets plugged up is	sink.
one thing that gets plugged up is	television.
one thing that gets plugged up is	toilet.
one thing that gets plugged up is	nose.
one thing that gets plugged up is	ears.
one thing that gets plugged up is	computer.
one reason why one person might leave a house through a window is	fire.
one reason why one person might leave a house through a window is	burglar.
one reason why one person might leave a house through a window is	sneak out/elope.
one reason why one person might leave a house through a window is	lost the key.
one reason why one person might leave a house through a window is	being chased.
one reason why one person might leave a house through a window is	broken door.
one reason you might have to get your picture taken is	driver's license.
one reason you might have to get your picture taken is	passport.
one reason you might have to get your picture taken is	wedding.
one reason you might have to get your picture taken is	family event.
one reason you might have to get your picture taken is	graduation.
the first sign that you're getting a cold is	sneezing.
the first sign that you're getting a cold is	sore throat.
the first sign that you're getting a cold is	coughing.
the first sign that you're getting a cold is	body.
one famous street in new york city is	fifth ave..
one famous street in new york city is	broadway.
one famous street in new york city is	wall street.
one famous street in new york city is	42nd street.
one famous street in new york city is	park ave..
one place you go where you must show your id is	bar.
one place you go where you must show your id is	airport.
one place you go where you must show your id is	bank.
one place you go where you must show your id is	liquor store.
one place you go where you must show your id is	military base.
one place you go where you must show your id is	court.
the age when men start losing their hair is	40.
the age when men start losing their hair is	35.
the age when men start losing their hair is	30.
the age when men start losing their hair is	25.
the age when men start losing their hair is	45.
the age when men start losing their hair is	50.
the age when men start losing their hair is	28.
one thing you might do that would require you to undress is	shower/bathe.
one thing you might do that would require you to undress is	doctor's exam.
one thing you might do that would require you to undress is	make love.
one thing you might do that would require you to undress is	try on clothes.
one thing you think there's just too much of on tv is	violence.
one thing you think there's just too much of on tv is	sex/nudity.
one thing you think there's just too much of on tv is	reality shows.
one thing you think there's just too much of on tv is	commercials.
one thing you think there's just too much of on tv is	sitcoms.
one thing you think there's just too much of on tv is	sports.
one thing you hate to have to do is	clean.
one thing you hate to have to do is	laundry.
one thing you hate to have to do is	work.
one thing you hate to have to do is	dishes.
one thing kids play in the street during summer is	baseball.
one thing kids play in the street during summer is	kick ball.
one thing kids play in the street during summer is	basketball.
one thing kids play in the street during summer is	hopscotch.
one thing kids play in the street during summer is	tag.
one thing kids play in the street during summer is	football.
one thing people like to keep filled up is	gas tank.
one thing people like to keep filled up is	bank account.
one thing people like to keep filled up is	water bottle.
one thing people like to keep filled up is	fridge.
one thing people like to keep filled up is	coffee cup.
one character from the star trek universe is	spock.
one character from the star trek universe is	captain kirk.
one character from the star trek universe is	data.
one character from the star trek universe is	worf.
one thing you vote for is	the president.
one thing you vote for is	congress person.
one thing you vote for is	american idol.
one thing you vote for is	all-star team.
one thing that can ruin dinner is	burnt food.
one thing that can ruin dinner is	phone call.
one thing that can ruin dinner is	fight.
one thing that can ruin dinner is	snacking before.
one thing that can ruin dinner is	hair in food.
one thing that can ruin dinner is	guest is late.
one thing slobs use as a napkin is	shirtsleeve/tail.
one thing slobs use as a napkin is	shirt sleeve.
one thing slobs use as a napkin is	hand.
one thing slobs use as a napkin is	tablecloth.
one thing slobs use as a napkin is	bib.
one person you would hate calling you during a date is	an ex.
one person you would hate calling you during a date is	parents.
one person you would hate calling you during a date is	children.
one person you would hate calling you during a date is	partner.
one person you would hate calling you during a date is	work.
one person you would hate calling you during a date is	babysitter.
one thing you see in almost every hamster's cage is	wheel.
one thing you see in almost every hamster's cage is	hamster.
one thing you see in almost every hamster's cage is	food.
one thing you see in almost every hamster's cage is	water bottle.
one profession that pays too much is	pro athlete.
one profession that pays too much is	lawyer.
one profession that pays too much is	doctor.
one profession that pays too much is	politician.
one profession that pays too much is	actor.
one profession that pays too much is	ceo.
one ordinary item people carry that they can use for self-defense in a pinch is	keys.
one ordinary item people carry that they can use for self-defense in a pinch is	mace.
one ordinary item people carry that they can use for self-defense in a pinch is	pen.
one ordinary item people carry that they can use for self-defense in a pinch is	pocket knife.
one ordinary item people carry that they can use for self-defense in a pinch is	fingernail file.
one ordinary item people carry that they can use for self-defense in a pinch is	purse.
one of the occupations represented in the disco group the village people is	construct. worker.
one of the occupations represented in the disco group the village people is	police.
one of the occupations represented in the disco group the village people is	american indian.
one of the occupations represented in the disco group the village people is	cowboy.
one of the occupations represented in the disco group the village people is	military man.
one situation where you show your driver's license is	stopped by police.
one situation where you show your driver's license is	writing checks.
one situation where you show your driver's license is	get into a bar.
one situation where you show your driver's license is	get in accident.
one thing specific you might find in the fridge is	milk.
one thing specific you might find in the fridge is	butter.
one thing specific you might find in the fridge is	eggs.
one thing specific you might find in the fridge is	soda.
one thing specific you might find in the fridge is	ketchup.
the busiest month of the year for a hotel is	july.
the busiest month of the year for a hotel is	december.
the busiest month of the year for a hotel is	june.
the busiest month of the year for a hotel is	august.
the busiest month of the year for a hotel is	november.
the busiest month of the year for a hotel is	may.
the busiest month of the year for a hotel is	january.
one thing that might be spikey is	cactus.
one thing that might be spikey is	hedgehog.
one thing that might be spikey is	porcupine.
one thing that might be spikey is	hairstyle.
one thing that might be spikey is	high heels.
one thing you shouldn't photocopy, but do anyway is	id.
one thing you shouldn't photocopy, but do anyway is	pictures.
one thing you shouldn't photocopy, but do anyway is	buttocks.
one thing you shouldn't photocopy, but do anyway is	books.
one thing you shouldn't photocopy, but do anyway is	money.
one thing that can cause a lot of damage to a home is	fire.
one thing that can cause a lot of damage to a home is	water/flood.
one thing that can cause a lot of damage to a home is	tornado.
one thing that can cause a lot of damage to a home is	hurricane.
one thing that can cause a lot of damage to a home is	bugs.
one thing that can cause a lot of damage to a home is	children.
one thing you see on day-time tv is	news.
one thing you see on day-time tv is	oprah winfrey.
one thing you see on day-time tv is	ellen degeneres.
one thing you see on day-time tv is	soap operas.
one thing you see on day-time tv is	talk shows.
one thing you see on day-time tv is	steve harvey.
one thing you should always take if it's offered is	money.
one thing you should always take if it's offered is	advice.
one thing you should always take if it's offered is	food.
one thing you should always take if it's offered is	hand.
one thing you should always take if it's offered is	vacation.
one thing you should always take if it's offered is	compliment.
one game that is played at a family reunion is	volleyball.
one game that is played at a family reunion is	charades.
one game that is played at a family reunion is	horseshoes.
one game that is played at a family reunion is	baseball.
one game that is played at a family reunion is	cards.
one game that is played at a family reunion is	football.
one city that has a large saint patrick's day parade is	new york city.
one city that has a large saint patrick's day parade is	boston.
one city that has a large saint patrick's day parade is	chicago.
one city that has a large saint patrick's day parade is	dublin.
one thing that might give you road rage is	being cut off.
one thing that might give you road rage is	slow driving.
one thing that might give you road rage is	traffic.
one thing that might give you road rage is	other drivers.
one activity kids usually do with their grandparents rather than parents is	toy shopping.
one activity kids usually do with their grandparents rather than parents is	cook/bake.
one activity kids usually do with their grandparents rather than parents is	zoo.
one activity kids usually do with their grandparents rather than parents is	board games.
one activity kids usually do with their grandparents rather than parents is	fishing.
one slimy animal is	snake.
one slimy animal is	eel.
one slimy animal is	snail.
one slimy animal is	slug.
one slimy animal is	frog.
one slimy animal is	worm.
one slimy animal is	fish.
one thing people from texas brag about is	how big it is.
one thing people from texas brag about is	good food/bbq..
one thing people from texas brag about is	oil.
one thing people from texas brag about is	president bush.
one thing people from texas brag about is	money.
one thing people from texas brag about is	dallas cowboys.
one manufacturer of men's cologne is	ralph lauren.
one manufacturer of men's cologne is	calvin klein.
one manufacturer of men's cologne is	old spice.
one manufacturer of men's cologne is	stetson.
one manufacturer of men's cologne is	tommy hilfiger.
one manufacturer of men's cologne is	brut.
one place where kids have a hard time sitting still is	place of worship.
one place where kids have a hard time sitting still is	school.
one place where kids have a hard time sitting still is	movie theater.
one place where kids have a hard time sitting still is	car.
one place where kids have a hard time sitting still is	restaurant.
one place where kids have a hard time sitting still is	waiting room.
one reason why a college student might miss a morning class is	no alarm.
one reason why a college student might miss a morning class is	up all night.
one reason why a college student might miss a morning class is	hangover.
one reason why a college student might miss a morning class is	snow storms.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night is	make love.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night is	brush teeth.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night is	say prayers.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night is	bathe/shower.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night is	eat snack/drink.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night is	watch tv/movie.
one thing you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night is	read a book.
one announcement that parents can't wait to hear their grown children make is	having a baby.
one announcement that parents can't wait to hear their grown children make is	getting married.
one announcement that parents can't wait to hear their grown children make is	got a job.
one announcement that parents can't wait to hear their grown children make is	moving out.
one disney movie that always makes you cry is	bambi.
one disney movie that always makes you cry is	lion king.
one disney movie that always makes you cry is	beauty and the beast.
one disney movie that always makes you cry is	cinderella.
one disney movie that always makes you cry is	old yeller.
one disney movie that always makes you cry is	snow white.
one thing a hiker hates to discover that he forgot to pack in his backpack is	water.
one thing a hiker hates to discover that he forgot to pack in his backpack is	clothes/boots.
one thing a hiker hates to discover that he forgot to pack in his backpack is	compass.
one thing a hiker hates to discover that he forgot to pack in his backpack is	rope.
one thing a hiker hates to discover that he forgot to pack in his backpack is	matches.
one thing a hiker hates to discover that he forgot to pack in his backpack is	flashlight.
one thing dogs do to get acquainted that you'd never see people do is	sniffing.
one thing dogs do to get acquainted that you'd never see people do is	lick each other.
one thing dogs do to get acquainted that you'd never see people do is	snake tail.
one city in north america you would hate to drive in is	new york city.
one city in north america you would hate to drive in is	los angeles.
one city in north america you would hate to drive in is	boston.
one city in north america you would hate to drive in is	chicago.
one city in north america you would hate to drive in is	seattle.
one thing you wear out completely before you replace it is	shoes.
one thing you wear out completely before you replace it is	car.
one thing you wear out completely before you replace it is	socks.
one thing you wear out completely before you replace it is	underwear.
one thing you wear out completely before you replace it is	toothbrush.
one thing you wear out completely before you replace it is	tires.
one occasion when a women might be especially nervous and excited is	wedding day.
one occasion when a women might be especially nervous and excited is	first date.
one occasion when a women might be especially nervous and excited is	pregnant.
one occasion when a women might be especially nervous and excited is	proposal.
one occasion when a women might be especially nervous and excited is	job interview.
one thing america is known for is	guns.
one thing america is known for is	fast food restaurants.
one thing america is known for is	freedom.
one thing america is known for is	apple pie.
the person you feel most guilty lying to is	parent.
the person you feel most guilty lying to is	significant other.
the person you feel most guilty lying to is	children.
the person you feel most guilty lying to is	myself.
the person you feel most guilty lying to is	dentist.
the person you feel most guilty lying to is	best friend.
one thing you use your index finger for is	to point.
one thing you use your index finger for is	dial phone.
one thing you use your index finger for is	flip pages/read.
one thing you use your index finger for is	to type.
one thing you use your index finger for is	hold pencil.
one thing you use your index finger for is	click mouse.
one happy event that can also be stressful is	wedding.
one happy event that can also be stressful is	birthday.
one happy event that can also be stressful is	giving birth.
one happy event that can also be stressful is	vacation.
one happy event that can also be stressful is	anniversary.
one happy event that can also be stressful is	sporting event.
one happy event that can also be stressful is	christmas.
one thing most homes have multiples of is	bedrooms.
one thing most homes have multiples of is	closets.
one thing most homes have multiples of is	television.
one thing most homes have multiples of is	bathroom.
one thing most homes have multiples of is	windows.
one occupation in which you'd get lousy tips if you weren't friendly is	waiter.
one occupation in which you'd get lousy tips if you weren't friendly is	bartender.
one occupation in which you'd get lousy tips if you weren't friendly is	dancer.
one occupation in which you'd get lousy tips if you weren't friendly is	cab driver.
one thing women do a lot of when they're pregnant is	eat/crave food.
one thing women do a lot of when they're pregnant is	complain/cry.
one thing women do a lot of when they're pregnant is	sleep.
one thing women do a lot of when they're pregnant is	go to bathroom.
one image that might accompany an article about teachers is	apple.
one image that might accompany an article about teachers is	books.
one image that might accompany an article about teachers is	blackboard/chalk.
one image that might accompany an article about teachers is	classroom/desks.
one image that might accompany an article about teachers is	map/globe.
one thing people do in their cars if they think no one is watching is	pick nose.
one thing people do in their cars if they think no one is watching is	make love.
one thing people do in their cars if they think no one is watching is	sing.
one thing people do in their cars if they think no one is watching is	kiss.
one thing you might see at a playground is	swing set.
one thing you might see at a playground is	slide.
one thing you might see at a playground is	children.
one thing you might see at a playground is	monkey bars.
one thing you might see at a playground is	merry go round.
one thing you might see at a playground is	sandbox.
one brand of soft drink that is lemon-lime flavored is	sprite.
one brand of soft drink that is lemon-lime flavored is	7-up.
one brand of soft drink that is lemon-lime flavored is	squirt.
one brand of soft drink that is lemon-lime flavored is	slice.
one brand of soft drink that is lemon-lime flavored is	mountain dew.
one brand of soft drink that is lemon-lime flavored is	fresca.
one kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute is	ghost.
one kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute is	witch.
one kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute is	clown.
one kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute is	mummy.
one kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute is	vampire.
one kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute is	cat.
one kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute is	pumpkin.
one thing a woman might consider trading with her best friend for one day is	clothes/shoes.
one thing a woman might consider trading with her best friend for one day is	husband/partner.
one thing a woman might consider trading with her best friend for one day is	car.
one thing a woman might consider trading with her best friend for one day is	jewelry.
one thing a woman might consider trading with her best friend for one day is	kids.
one thing a woman might consider trading with her best friend for one day is	secrets.
one occupation in which you might have to act as a part-time shrink to your customers is	bartender.
one occupation in which you might have to act as a part-time shrink to your customers is	hairdresser.
one occupation in which you might have to act as a part-time shrink to your customers is	sales.
one occupation in which you might have to act as a part-time shrink to your customers is	teacher.
one occupation in which you might have to act as a part-time shrink to your customers is	customer service.
one kind of place where you often have to wait to be waited on is	restaurant.
one kind of place where you often have to wait to be waited on is	doctor.
one kind of place where you often have to wait to be waited on is	store.
one kind of place where you often have to wait to be waited on is	bank.
one kind of place where you often have to wait to be waited on is	dmv.
one thing you would not want to be caught doing by one person you just started dating is	cheating.
one thing you would not want to be caught doing by one person you just started dating is	nose picking.
one thing you would not want to be caught doing by one person you just started dating is	farting.
one thing you would not want to be caught doing by one person you just started dating is	using the bathroom.
one thing you would not want to be caught doing by one person you just started dating is	lying.
one thing people consider snack food is	chips.
one thing people consider snack food is	peanuts.
one thing people consider snack food is	popcorn.
one thing people consider snack food is	pretzels.
one thing people consider snack food is	fruit.
one thing people consider snack food is	cookies.
one thing people consider snack food is	crackers.
one good place for a woman to work if her main goal is to snag a husband is	bar.
one good place for a woman to work if her main goal is to snag a husband is	office.
one good place for a woman to work if her main goal is to snag a husband is	hospital.
one good place for a woman to work if her main goal is to snag a husband is	restaurant.
one good place for a woman to work if her main goal is to snag a husband is	gym.
one good place for a woman to work if her main goal is to snag a husband is	grocery store.
one thing you might see on your thanksgiving table that is green is	green beans.
one thing you might see on your thanksgiving table that is green is	salad.
one thing you might see on your thanksgiving table that is green is	peas.
one thing you might see on your thanksgiving table that is green is	lima beans.
one thing you might see on your thanksgiving table that is green is	broccoli.
one thing you might see on your thanksgiving table that is green is	spinach.
one thing a hospital patient doesn't like seeing a nurse holding is	needle.
one thing a hospital patient doesn't like seeing a nurse holding is	catheter.
one thing a hospital patient doesn't like seeing a nurse holding is	bedpan.
one thing a hospital patient doesn't like seeing a nurse holding is	blood.
one thing a hospital patient doesn't like seeing a nurse holding is	enema.
one thing a hospital patient doesn't like seeing a nurse holding is	results.
one person who might carry a torch is	statue of liberty.
one person who might carry a torch is	olympic runner.
one thing dogs hate having done to them is	bathed.
one thing dogs hate having done to them is	hair trimmed.
one thing dogs hate having done to them is	nails clipped.
one thing dogs hate having done to them is	brushed.
one thing dogs hate having done to them is	shots.
one thing people get a newborn for the holidays is	clothes.
one thing people get a newborn for the holidays is	teddy bear.
one thing people get a newborn for the holidays is	blanket.
one thing kids make for their parents in nursery school is	handprint.
one thing kids make for their parents in nursery school is	card.
one thing kids make for their parents in nursery school is	finger painting.
one thing kids make for their parents in nursery school is	macaroni picture.
one thing kids make for their parents in nursery school is	drawing.
one thing kids make for their parents in nursery school is	flower.
one thing very important to bring on a long hike is	water.
one thing very important to bring on a long hike is	hiking boots.
one thing specific on a car that can be adjusted is	mirror.
one thing specific on a car that can be adjusted is	seat.
one thing specific on a car that can be adjusted is	brakes.
one thing specific on a car that can be adjusted is	steering wheel.
one thing specific on a car that can be adjusted is	seat belt.
one thing specific on a car that can be adjusted is	radio.
one country that has a massive population is	china.
one country that has a massive population is	india.
one country that has a massive population is	japan.
one country that has a massive population is	brazil.
one way customers are rude to a waitress is	not leave a tip.
one way customers are rude to a waitress is	not leaving a tip.
one way customers are rude to a waitress is	too demanding.
one way customers are rude to a waitress is	they yell at them.
one way customers are rude to a waitress is	ignoring her.
one way customers are rude to a waitress is	use bad language.
one way customers are rude to a waitress is	snap fingers.
one way customers are rude to a waitress is	complaining.
one thing you lose while doing laundry is	socks.
one thing you lose while doing laundry is	money.
one thing you lose while doing laundry is	jewelry.
one thing you lose while doing laundry is	underwear.
one thing you can rent is	vehicle.
one thing you can rent is	jalopy.
one thing you can rent is	car.
one thing you can rent is	truck.
one thing you can rent is	van.
one thing you can rent is	automobile.
one thing you can rent is	cinema.
one thing you can rent is	movies.
one thing you can rent is	films.
one thing you can rent is	manor.
one thing you can rent is	house.
one thing you can rent is	plantation.
one thing you can rent is	estate.
one thing you can rent is	dwelling.
one thing you can rent is	real estate.
one thing you can rent is	condo.
one thing you can rent is	bungalow.
one thing you can rent is	mansion.
one thing you can rent is	sofa.
one thing you can rent is	table.
one thing you can rent is	chair.
one thing you can rent is	furniture.
one thing you can rent is	bed.
one thing you can rent is	desk.
one thing you can rent is	couch.
one thing you can rent is	bookshelf.
one thing you can rent is	tenement.
one thing you can rent is	loft.
one thing you can rent is	flat.
one thing you can rent is	apartment.
one thing that makes a person's nose run is	cold/flu.
one thing that makes a person's nose run is	spicy food.
one thing that makes a person's nose run is	allergies.
one thing that makes a person's nose run is	cold weather.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	ball.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	sphere.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	soccer.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	softball.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	dodgeball.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	orb.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	football.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	hardball.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	kickball.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	video games.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	ride bike.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	cycle.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	bmx.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	bike.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	dreidel.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	spinning top.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	top.
one toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with is	lego.
one thing specific that you were late for because you overslept is	job.
one thing specific that you were late for because you overslept is	doctor.
one thing specific that you were late for because you overslept is	party.
one thing specific that you were late for because you overslept is	church.
one thing specific that you were late for because you overslept is	school.
one thing specific that you were late for because you overslept is	bus.
one thing that might make your voice sound different from the way it usually does is	helium.
one thing that might make your voice sound different from the way it usually does is	cold.
one thing men say they hate to give when they get married is	freedom.
one thing men say they hate to give when they get married is	partying.
one thing men say they hate to give when they get married is	friends.
one thing men say they hate to give when they get married is	other women.
one thing men say they hate to give when they get married is	money.
one activity people wear gloves for is	medical procedure.
one activity people wear gloves for is	baseball.
one activity people wear gloves for is	gardening.
one activity people wear gloves for is	boxing.
one activity people wear gloves for is	golfing.
one activity people wear gloves for is	skiing.
one activity people wear gloves for is	housework.
one place you would hate to get a phone call is	church.
one place you would hate to get a phone call is	bathroom.
one place you would hate to get a phone call is	at work.
one place you would hate to get a phone call is	movie theater.
one place you would hate to get a phone call is	doctors office.
one food you never see in a vending machine is	steak.
one food you never see in a vending machine is	pizza.
one food you never see in a vending machine is	fruit.
one food you never see in a vending machine is	vegetables.
one food you never see in a vending machine is	salad.
one food you never see in a vending machine is	pasta.
one thing people do while they're jogging on a treadmill is	listen to music.
one thing people do while they're jogging on a treadmill is	watch tv.
one thing people do while they're jogging on a treadmill is	sweat.
one thing people do while they're jogging on a treadmill is	read.
one thing people do while they're jogging on a treadmill is	sing.
one thing people do while they're jogging on a treadmill is	daydream.
one thing people do while they're jogging on a treadmill is	pant.
one food women crave when they're pregnant is	pickles.
one food women crave when they're pregnant is	ice cream.
one food women crave when they're pregnant is	chocolate.
one food women crave when they're pregnant is	peanut butter.
one food women crave when they're pregnant is	watermelon.
one food women crave when they're pregnant is	pumpkin pie.
one celebrity famous for wearing glasses is	woody allen.
one celebrity famous for wearing glasses is	elton john.
one celebrity famous for wearing glasses is	drew carey.
one celebrity famous for wearing glasses is	jack nicholson.
one celebrity famous for wearing glasses is	stevie wonder.
one celebrity famous for wearing glasses is	dean martin.
one celebrity famous for wearing glasses is	peewee herman.
one celebrity famous for wearing glasses is	stephen hawking.
one thing that might give you cold feet is	getting married.
one thing that might give you cold feet is	snow.
one thing that might give you cold feet is	cold floor.
one thing that might give you cold feet is	public speaking.
one thing that might give you cold feet is	ice.
one thing that might give you cold feet is	bare foot.
one job that a man brags his girlfriend has is	model.
one job that a man brags his girlfriend has is	doctor.
one job that a man brags his girlfriend has is	stripper.
one job that a man brags his girlfriend has is	lawyer.
one job that a man brags his girlfriend has is	professor/teacher.
one job that a man brags his girlfriend has is	ceo/executive.
one food that a really big guy could eat ten of in one sitting is	hotdog.
one food that a really big guy could eat ten of in one sitting is	hamburgers.
one food that a really big guy could eat ten of in one sitting is	chicken wings.
one food that a really big guy could eat ten of in one sitting is	donuts.
one food that a really big guy could eat ten of in one sitting is	tacos.
one food that a really big guy could eat ten of in one sitting is	pizza slices.
one thing people kick is	balls.
one thing people kick is	tires.
one thing people kick is	dogs.
one thing people kick is	the can.
one thing people kick is	the bucket.
one thing a bank robber would hate to be without is	guns.
one thing a bank robber would hate to be without is	mask.
one event in the summer olympics is	track and field.
one event in the summer olympics is	swimming.
one event in the summer olympics is	gymnastics.
one event in the summer olympics is	basketball.
one event in the summer olympics is	diving.
one thing that people frequently trip over is	work.
one thing that people frequently trip over is	jail.
one thing that people frequently trip over is	hospital.
one thing that people frequently trip over is	home.
one thing that people frequently trip over is	church.
one vehicle people can stand up in is	bus.
one vehicle people can stand up in is	van.
one vehicle people can stand up in is	truck.
one vehicle people can stand up in is	jeep.
one vehicle people can stand up in is	train.
one vehicle people can stand up in is	limousine.
one job that requires you to risk your life is	police officer.
one job that requires you to risk your life is	firefighter.
one job that requires you to risk your life is	secret service.
one job that requires you to risk your life is	stuntman.
one job that requires you to risk your life is	detective.
one job that requires you to risk your life is	magicians.
one job that requires you to risk your life is	racing.
one job that requires you to risk your life is	wrestling.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	eggs.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	soft-boiled eggs.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	scrambled eggs.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	rotten eggs.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	poached eggs.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	fried eggs.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	hard-boil eggs.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	baked goods.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	danishes.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	pastries.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	strudels.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	tarts.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	lime.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	mango.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	melon.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	orange.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	peach.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	plum.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	strawberry.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	raspberry.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	grape.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	lemon.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	apple.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	banana.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	berry.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	blackberry.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	blueberry.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	cherry.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	fruit.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	taters.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	spuds.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	potatoes.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	baked potato.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	french fries.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	cooked ham.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	cured ham.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	ham.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	caesar salad.
one thing restaurants serve at a sunday brunch is	salads.
one thing a lifeguard can do that one person with an office job can't is	swim.
one thing a lifeguard can do that one person with an office job can't is	tan.
one thing a lifeguard can do that one person with an office job can't is	wear a swimsuit.
one thing a lifeguard can do that one person with an office job can't is	save a life.
one thing a lifeguard can do that one person with an office job can't is	cpr.
one way people try to make themselves look younger is	plastic surgery.
one way people try to make themselves look younger is	makeup.
one way people try to make themselves look younger is	buy a car.
one way people try to make themselves look younger is	dye hair.
one place a student might go on a field trip is	museum.
one place a student might go on a field trip is	zoo.
one place a student might go on a field trip is	white house.
one place a student might go on a field trip is	state capitol.
one place a student might go on a field trip is	theater.
one thing you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid is	the dark.
one thing you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid is	snakes.
one thing you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid is	lightning.
one thing you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid is	spiders.
one thing you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid is	heights.
one thing you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid is	big dogs.
one thing you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid is	death.
one thing you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid is	bats.
one thing you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid is	fire.
one thing you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid is	horses.
one kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others is	boss.
one kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others is	rich person.
one kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others is	teacher.
one kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others is	celebrity.
one kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others is	mother.
one kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others is	cop.
one kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others is	politician.
one animal that is mentioned in the bible is	sheep.
one animal that is mentioned in the bible is	donkeys.
one animal that is mentioned in the bible is	snakes.
one animal that is mentioned in the bible is	camels.
one animal that is mentioned in the bible is	lions.
one animal that is mentioned in the bible is	doves.
one animal that is mentioned in the bible is	goats.
one thing you'd hate to see your dentist holding is	drill.
one thing you'd hate to see your dentist holding is	needle.
one thing you'd hate to see your dentist holding is	pliers.
one thing you'd hate to see your dentist holding is	my teeth.
one thing you'd hate to see your dentist holding is	bill.
one thing you'd hate to see your dentist holding is	gums.
one thing a small town has less of than a big city is	crime.
one thing a small town has less of than a big city is	traffic.
one thing a small town has less of than a big city is	people.
one thing a small town has less of than a big city is	stores.
one thing a small town has less of than a big city is	restaurants.
one thing a small town has less of than a big city is	entertainment.
one thing kids would demand instead of paychecks if an office hired them is	candy.
one thing kids would demand instead of paychecks if an office hired them is	toys.
one thing kids would demand instead of paychecks if an office hired them is	video games.
one thing that squirts when you least expect it is	lemon/fruit.
one thing that squirts when you least expect it is	water hose.
one thing that squirts when you least expect it is	baby.
one thing that squirts when you least expect it is	water gun.
one thing that squirts when you least expect it is	shower.
one thing you never want to get pierced is	breasts.
one thing you never want to get pierced is	tongue.
one thing you never want to get pierced is	your private bits.
one thing you never want to get pierced is	nose.
one thing you never want to get pierced is	eyes.
one thing you never want to get pierced is	lips.
one thing a policeman might get out of his squad car to do is	write a ticket.
one thing a policeman might get out of his squad car to do is	make an arrest.
one thing a policeman might get out of his squad car to do is	use gun.
one thing a policeman might get out of his squad car to do is	get donuts.
one thing a policeman might get out of his squad car to do is	check driv. lic..
one thing you can't do when it is cold out is	swimming.
one thing you can't do when it is cold out is	sun tan.
one thing you can't do when it is cold out is	wear shorts.
one thing you can't do when it is cold out is	gardening.
one subject you took in school and never used again is	algebra.
one subject you took in school and never used again is	history.
one subject you took in school and never used again is	geometry.
one subject you took in school and never used again is	art.
one subject you took in school and never used again is	french.
one subject you took in school and never used again is	latin.
one subject you took in school and never used again is	spanish.
one subject you took in school and never used again is	biology.
one subject you took in school and never used again is	calculus.
one subject you took in school and never used again is	geography.
one subject you took in school and never used again is	chemistry.
one subject you took in school and never used again is	phys ed.
one place you might see a skeleton is	closet.
one place you might see a skeleton is	haunted house.
one place you might see a skeleton is	science lab.
one place you might see a skeleton is	museum.
one place you might see a skeleton is	hospital.
one place you might see a skeleton is	cemetery.
one decision that children think they should be able to make for themselves is	bed time.
one decision that children think they should be able to make for themselves is	clothes.
one decision that children think they should be able to make for themselves is	food.
one decision that children think they should be able to make for themselves is	date.
one decision that children think they should be able to make for themselves is	curfew.
one decision that children think they should be able to make for themselves is	friends.
one thing a church might be filled with is	people.
one thing a church might be filled with is	pews.
one thing a church might be filled with is	candles.
one thing a church might be filled with is	bibles.
one thing a church might be filled with is	god.
one thing a church might be filled with is	love.
one thing people do on cruises is	eat/drink.
one thing people do on cruises is	relax/lounge.
one thing people do on cruises is	dance.
one thing people do on cruises is	swim/snorkel.
one thing people do on cruises is	shuffleb'rd/games.
one thing people do on cruises is	gamble.
one thing that is harder to do if you have braces is	eat/chew.
one thing that is harder to do if you have braces is	chew.
one thing that is harder to do if you have braces is	brush teeth.
one thing that is harder to do if you have braces is	talk.
one of the super villains from a superhero movie is	the joker.
one of the super villains from a superhero movie is	venom.
one of the super villains from a superhero movie is	lex luthor.
one of the super villains from a superhero movie is	the green goblin.
one of the super villains from a superhero movie is	catwoman.
one of the super villains from a superhero movie is	the penguin.
one thing you'd expect to see inside a police car is	two way radio.
one thing you'd expect to see inside a police car is	police officer.
one thing you'd expect to see inside a police car is	gun.
one thing you'd expect to see inside a police car is	handcuffs.
one thing you'd expect to see inside a police car is	computer screen.
one thing you'd expect to see inside a police car is	criminal.
one celebrity who probably has their plastic surgeon on speed dial is	joan rivers.
one celebrity who probably has their plastic surgeon on speed dial is	michael jackson.
one celebrity who probably has their plastic surgeon on speed dial is	pam anderson.
one celebrity who probably has their plastic surgeon on speed dial is	cher.
one celebrity who probably has their plastic surgeon on speed dial is	elizabeth taylor.
one celebrity who probably has their plastic surgeon on speed dial is	ashlee simpson.
one thing of their husband's that wives check regularly is	wallet.
one thing of their husband's that wives check regularly is	pockets.
one thing of their husband's that wives check regularly is	clothes.
one thing of their husband's that wives check regularly is	bank account.
one thing of their husband's that wives check regularly is	health.
one thing of their husband's that wives check regularly is	mobile phone.
one thing of their husband's that wives check regularly is	credit card bill.
one thing that is hard to break is	cement.
one thing that is hard to break is	bad habits.
one thing that is hard to break is	metal.
one thing that is hard to break is	diamond.
one olympic sport that is played in a pool is	water polo.
one olympic sport that is played in a pool is	swimming.
one olympic sport that is played in a pool is	diving.
one olympic sport that is played in a pool is	synchronized swimming.
one thing that shakes is	jello.
one thing that shakes is	person/dancer.
one thing that shakes is	earth/earthquake.
one thing that shakes is	baby's rattle.
one thing that shakes is	leaves/tree.
one thing that shakes is	dog.
one thing that shakes is	old car.
one superhero you wouldn't want to pick a fight with is	superman.
one superhero you wouldn't want to pick a fight with is	the incredible hulk.
one superhero you wouldn't want to pick a fight with is	batman.
one superhero you wouldn't want to pick a fight with is	spiderman.
one superhero you wouldn't want to pick a fight with is	wolverine.
one superhero you wouldn't want to pick a fight with is	wonder woman.
one thing repairmen ruin as often as they fix it is	toilet/plumbing.
one thing repairmen ruin as often as they fix it is	car.
one thing repairmen ruin as often as they fix it is	television.
one thing repairmen ruin as often as they fix it is	washing machine.
one thing repairmen ruin as often as they fix it is	roof.
one thing you teach children to be careful with is	scissors.
one thing you teach children to be careful with is	knives.
one thing you teach children to be careful with is	fire.
one thing you teach children to be careful with is	crossing the street.
one thing you teach children to be careful with is	glass.
one thing you teach children to be careful with is	money.
one thing you teach children to be careful with is	pets.
one occasion for which people might include cash in a card is	birthday.
one occasion for which people might include cash in a card is	wedding.
one occasion for which people might include cash in a card is	graduation.
one occasion for which people might include cash in a card is	christmas.
one person you talk over your sex life with is	friend.
one person you talk over your sex life with is	lover.
one person you talk over your sex life with is	sibling.
one person you talk over your sex life with is	doctor.
one way you'd know a dog is mad at you is	growl.
one way you'd know a dog is mad at you is	barking.
one way you'd know a dog is mad at you is	bites you.
one way you'd know a dog is mad at you is	shows teeth.
one way you'd know a dog is mad at you is	snarling.
one thing a secretary could do faster after three cups of coffee is	type.
one thing a secretary could do faster after three cups of coffee is	talk.
one thing a secretary could do faster after three cups of coffee is	go potty.
one thing a secretary could do faster after three cups of coffee is	file.
one thing a secretary could do faster after three cups of coffee is	dictation.
one thing a slob throws on the floor when he's done with it is	wrappers.
one thing a slob throws on the floor when he's done with it is	clothes.
one thing a slob throws on the floor when he's done with it is	towels.
one thing a slob throws on the floor when he's done with it is	food.
one thing a slob throws on the floor when he's done with it is	bottles.
one kind of lunchmeat that matches your mate's personality is	ham.
one kind of lunchmeat that matches your mate's personality is	turkey.
one kind of lunchmeat that matches your mate's personality is	bologna.
one kind of lunchmeat that matches your mate's personality is	salami.
one kind of lunchmeat that matches your mate's personality is	chicken.
one thing women try to cover up is	blemish.
one thing women try to cover up is	wrinkles.
one thing women try to cover up is	weight.
one thing women try to cover up is	face.
one thing women try to cover up is	bottom.
one physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster is	bolts in neck.
one physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster is	flat head.
one physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster is	tall.
one physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster is	scars.
one physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster is	green skin.
one physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster is	large forehead.
one physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster is	big hands.
one physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster is	big feet.
one thing that you might take from a restaurant is	silverware.
one thing that you might take from a restaurant is	leftovers.
one thing that you might take from a restaurant is	salt/peppershaker.
one thing that you might take from a restaurant is	glass/cup.
one thing that you might take from a restaurant is	napkin.
one thing that you might take from a restaurant is	sweetener/sugar.
one thing that comes with your clothes when you pick them up from the dry cleaners is	hangers.
one thing that comes with your clothes when you pick them up from the dry cleaners is	plastic bag.
one thing you might "catch up on" is	reading.
one thing you might "catch up on" is	sleep.
one thing you might "catch up on" is	bills.
one thing you might "catch up on" is	soap operas.
one thing you might "catch up on" is	work.
one thing people think brings bad luck is	black cat.
one thing people think brings bad luck is	under ladder.
one thing people think brings bad luck is	break mirror.
one thing people think brings bad luck is	open umbrella.
one thing you do to help fall asleep on a hot summer night is	air condition/fan.
one thing you do to help fall asleep on a hot summer night is	take shower/bath.
one thing you do to help fall asleep on a hot summer night is	cold drink.
one thing you do to help fall asleep on a hot summer night is	listen to music.
one thing you do to help fall asleep on a hot summer night is	open window.
one thing you do to help fall asleep on a hot summer night is	watch television.
one singer who is known by their first name is	madonna.
one singer who is known by their first name is	cher.
one singer who is known by their first name is	shakira.
one singer who is known by their first name is	beyonce.
one singer who is known by their first name is	prince.
one bad habit that can make a pretty girl look unattractive is	she smokes.
one bad habit that can make a pretty girl look unattractive is	bites her nails.
one bad habit that can make a pretty girl look unattractive is	attitude/grouchy.
one bad habit that can make a pretty girl look unattractive is	picks her nose.
one bad habit that can make a pretty girl look unattractive is	she chews gum.
one bad habit that can make a pretty girl look unattractive is	too much makeup.
one liquid people add to their car is	oil.
one liquid people add to their car is	gasoline.
one liquid people add to their car is	anti freeze.
one liquid people add to their car is	anti-freeze.
one liquid people add to their car is	brake fluid.
one thing that takes you across a river is	boat.
one thing that takes you across a river is	canoe.
one thing that takes you across a river is	bridge.
one thing that takes you across a river is	raft.
one thing that takes you across a river is	ferry.
one way you might find out the news is	television.
one way you might find out the news is	internet.
one way you might find out the news is	newspaper.
one way you might find out the news is	phone call.
one way you might find out the news is	radio.
one number you might lie to your date about is	age.
one number you might lie to your date about is	phone number.
one number you might lie to your date about is	past relationships.
one number you might lie to your date about is	weight.
one white animal is	polar bear.
one white animal is	rabbit.
one white animal is	cat.
one white animal is	horse.
one white animal is	seal.
one magazine that has a lot of photographs is	people.
one magazine that has a lot of photographs is	national geographic.
one magazine that has a lot of photographs is	life.
one magazine that has a lot of photographs is	playboy.
one magazine that has a lot of photographs is	vogue.
one magazine that has a lot of photographs is	us weekly.
one magazine that has a lot of photographs is	cosmopolitan.
one thing that some people seem to need more of than other people is	money.
one thing that some people seem to need more of than other people is	love/attention.
one thing that some people seem to need more of than other people is	sleep.
one thing that some people seem to need more of than other people is	friends.
one thing that some people seem to need more of than other people is	candy/food.
one popular type of bread is	sliced.
one popular type of bread is	garlic.
one popular type of bread is	flatbread.
one popular type of bread is	naan.
one popular type of bread is	cibatta.
one thing a young child takes with him when he runs away from home is	teddy bears.
one thing a young child takes with him when he runs away from home is	clothes.
one thing a young child takes with him when he runs away from home is	food.
one thing a young child takes with him when he runs away from home is	blanket.
one thing a young child takes with him when he runs away from home is	backpack.
one reason you might suspect a little leaguer is more than 12 years old is	facial hair.
one reason you might suspect a little leaguer is more than 12 years old is	he's big.
one reason you might suspect a little leaguer is more than 12 years old is	can hit.
one reason you might suspect a little leaguer is more than 12 years old is	deep voice.
one reason you might suspect a little leaguer is more than 12 years old is	looks older.
one reason you might suspect a little leaguer is more than 12 years old is	drives to game.
one person famous with the last  "moore" is	demi moore.
one person famous with the last  "moore" is	mary tyler moore.
one person famous with the last  "moore" is	michael moore.
one person famous with the last  "moore" is	roger moore.
one thing people always claim theirs is better is	cooking/recipe.
one thing people always claim theirs is better is	their car.
one thing people always claim theirs is better is	spouse/family.
one thing people always claim theirs is better is	body/self.
one thing people always claim theirs is better is	clothes/shoes.
one thing people always claim theirs is better is	their house.
one place where you press buttons is	elevator.
one place where you press buttons is	work.
one place where you press buttons is	atm.
one place where you press buttons is	arcade.
one place where you press buttons is	casinos.
one thing a person might do before going to bed that would make it hard for them to get right to sleep is	coffee.
one thing a person might do before going to bed that would make it hard for them to get right to sleep is	eat.
one thing a person might do before going to bed that would make it hard for them to get right to sleep is	exercise.
one thing a person might do before going to bed that would make it hard for them to get right to sleep is	horror movie.
one thing a person might do before going to bed that would make it hard for them to get right to sleep is	argument.
one thing a person might do before going to bed that would make it hard for them to get right to sleep is	shower.
one person famous for wearing a moustache is	groucho marx.
one person famous for wearing a moustache is	burt reynolds.
one person famous for wearing a moustache is	tom selleck.
one person famous for wearing a moustache is	adolf hitler.
one person famous for wearing a moustache is	charlie chaplin.
one person famous for wearing a moustache is	clark gable.
one thing people keep by their toilets is	toilet paper.
one thing people keep by their toilets is	reading materials.
one thing people keep by their toilets is	plunger.
one thing people keep by their toilets is	toilet brush.
one thing people keep by their toilets is	trash cans.
one thing people jump is	rope.
one thing people jump is	"the broom".
one thing people jump is	puddle/hole.
one thing people jump is	fence/gate.
one thing people jump is	in line.
one thing people jump is	hurdles.
one thing people jump is	bail.
one country you could travel to if you wanted to see palaces is	england.
one country you could travel to if you wanted to see palaces is	india.
one country you could travel to if you wanted to see palaces is	france.
one country you could travel to if you wanted to see palaces is	egypt.
one country you could travel to if you wanted to see palaces is	italy.
one us city with more young people than old is	new york city.
one us city with more young people than old is	los angeles.
one us city with more young people than old is	miami.
one us city with more young people than old is	las vegas.
one us city with more young people than old is	san francisco.
one us city with more young people than old is	atlanta.
one thing that wakes you when you're camping out is	birds.
one thing that wakes you when you're camping out is	sunlight.
one thing that wakes you when you're camping out is	rain.
one thing that wakes you when you're camping out is	bugs.
one thing that wakes you when you're camping out is	bathroom needs.
one thing that wakes you when you're camping out is	thunder.
one thing you wish people wouldn't do in your car is	smoke.
one thing you wish people wouldn't do in your car is	eat.
one thing people on cruises do is	eat.
one thing people on cruises do is	relax.
one thing people on cruises do is	dance.
one thing people on cruises do is	swim.
one thing people on cruises do is	shuffle.
one thing people on cruises do is	gamble.
one domestic pet is	dog.
one domestic pet is	cat.
one domestic pet is	hamster.
one domestic pet is	guinea pig.
one domestic pet is	goldfish.
one thing a person might use to clean their belly button is	q tip.
one thing a person might use to clean their belly button is	finger.
one thing men love to argue about with other men is	sports.
one thing men love to argue about with other men is	women.
one thing men love to argue about with other men is	politics.
one thing men love to argue about with other men is	cars.
one country known for its beaches is	usa.
one country known for its beaches is	mexico.
one country known for its beaches is	australia.
one country known for its beaches is	bahamas.
one country known for its beaches is	jamaica.
one occasion when a woman might be especially nervous and excited is	wedding day.
one occasion when a woman might be especially nervous and excited is	first date.
one occasion when a woman might be especially nervous and excited is	pregnant.
one occasion when a woman might be especially nervous and excited is	proposal.
one occasion when a woman might be especially nervous and excited is	job interview.
one snack food that has cream in the middle is	twinkie.
one snack food that has cream in the middle is	oreo.
one snack food that has cream in the middle is	donuts.
one snack food that has cream in the middle is	ding dong.
one snack food that has cream in the middle is	cupcake.
one snack food that has cream in the middle is	bonbon.
one thing you might accidentally get locked in is	car.
one thing you might accidentally get locked in is	toilet.
one thing you might accidentally get locked in is	cupboard.
one thing you might accidentally get locked in is	house.
one thing you might accidentally get locked in is	lift.
one thing you might accidentally get locked in is	shop.
one thing you plan for is	weddings.
one thing you plan for is	vacations.
one thing you plan for is	birthday party.
one thing you plan for is	retirement.
one thing you plan for is	having children.
one thing you might eat at thanksgiving dinner is	turkey.
one thing you might eat at thanksgiving dinner is	mashed potatoes.
one thing you might eat at thanksgiving dinner is	stuffing.
one thing you might eat at thanksgiving dinner is	cranberries.
one thing you might eat at thanksgiving dinner is	sweet potatoes.
one thing kids do these days instead of reading is	video games.
one thing kids do these days instead of reading is	watch tv.
one thing kids do these days instead of reading is	computer/internet.
one thing kids do these days instead of reading is	sports/exercise.
one thing kids do these days instead of reading is	eat/drink.
one thing kids do these days instead of reading is	play cards/poker.
one thing you haven't ridden since you were a kid is	bicycle.
one thing you haven't ridden since you were a kid is	tricycle.
one thing you haven't ridden since you were a kid is	horse.
one thing you haven't ridden since you were a kid is	amusement ride.
one thing you haven't ridden since you were a kid is	sled.
one thing you haven't ridden since you were a kid is	train.
one yellow fruit is	bananas.
one yellow fruit is	lemons.
one yellow fruit is	pineapples.
one yellow fruit is	pears.
one yellow fruit is	apples.
one person famous who rode a horse is	wayne.
one person famous who rode a horse is	the duke.
one person famous who rode a horse is	john wayne.
one person famous who rode a horse is	revere.
one person famous who rode a horse is	paul revere.
one person famous who rode a horse is	reeve.
one person famous who rode a horse is	christopher reeve.
one person famous who rode a horse is	roy rogers.
one person famous who rode a horse is	george washington.
one person famous who rode a horse is	washington.
one person famous who rode a horse is	ranger.
one person famous who rode a horse is	lone ranger.
one thing an inconsiderate person will hog from others is	food.
one thing an inconsiderate person will hog from others is	remote control.
one thing an inconsiderate person will hog from others is	bathroom.
one thing an inconsiderate person will hog from others is	covers.
one celebrity you wouldn't want to sit next to on an airplane is	justin beiber.
one celebrity you wouldn't want to sit next to on an airplane is	kim kardashian.
one celebrity you wouldn't want to sit next to on an airplane is	lindsay lohan.
one celebrity you wouldn't want to sit next to on an airplane is	miley cyrus.
one celebrity you wouldn't want to sit next to on an airplane is	lil wayne.
one celebrity you wouldn't want to sit next to on an airplane is	howard stern.
one thing you have with you all the time is	phone.
one thing you have with you all the time is	wallet.
one thing you have with you all the time is	id.
one thing you have with you all the time is	money.
one thing you have with you all the time is	keys.
one thing you would not want to see in a school cafeteria is	bugs.
one thing you would not want to see in a school cafeteria is	rats.
one thing you would not want to see in a school cafeteria is	mice.
one thing you would not want to see in a school cafeteria is	hair.
one thing you would not want to see in a school cafeteria is	finger.
one flower that's also a girl's name is	rose.
one flower that's also a girl's name is	daisy.
one flower that's also a girl's name is	lily.
one flower that's also a girl's name is	iris.
one flower that's also a girl's name is	violet.
one flower that's also a girl's name is	jasmine.
one thing that you move around is	cart.
one thing that you move around is	baby stroller.
one thing that you move around is	vacuum.
one thing that you move around is	lawn mower.
one piece of furniture that is often made from wood is	bed frame.
one piece of furniture that is often made from wood is	dresser.
one piece of furniture that is often made from wood is	table.
one piece of furniture that is often made from wood is	bookshelf.
common gift kids receive when their grandparents visit is	cash.
common gift kids receive when their grandparents visit is	clothes.
common gift kids receive when their grandparents visit is	candy.
common gift kids receive when their grandparents visit is	toys.
common gift kids receive when their grandparents visit is	books.
one thing a man gives his wife on valentine's day is	flowers.
one thing a man gives his wife on valentine's day is	chocolates.
one piece of sporting equipment that often breaks is	bat.
one piece of sporting equipment that often breaks is	tennis racket.
one piece of sporting equipment that often breaks is	hockey stick.
one piece of sporting equipment that often breaks is	helmet.
one profession that uses a ladder is	firefighters.
one profession that uses a ladder is	painter.
one profession that uses a ladder is	roofer.
one profession that uses a ladder is	carpenter.
one quiet animal is	cat.
one quiet animal is	mouse.
one quiet animal is	rabbit.
one quiet animal is	deer.
one quiet animal is	giraffe.
one quiet animal is	fish.
one quiet animal is	snake.
one quiet animal is	hamster.
one thing you need when you do yard work is	rake.
one thing you need when you do yard work is	lawn mower.
one thing you need when you do yard work is	gloves.
one thing you need when you do yard work is	hoe.
one thing you need when you do yard work is	hat.
one thing that might not look right if you got ready without looking in the mirror is	hair.
one thing that might not look right if you got ready without looking in the mirror is	makeup.
one thing that might not look right if you got ready without looking in the mirror is	clothing.
one thing that might not look right if you got ready without looking in the mirror is	tie.
one thing that might not look right if you got ready without looking in the mirror is	toupee.
one job you might get at a hospital is	nurse.
one job you might get at a hospital is	doctor.
one job you might get at a hospital is	admitting.
one job you might get at a hospital is	orderly.
one job you might get at a hospital is	custodian.
one thing a person who loses 100 pounds suddenly has more of is	excess skin.
one thing a person who loses 100 pounds suddenly has more of is	friends.
one thing a person who loses 100 pounds suddenly has more of is	energy.
one thing a person who loses 100 pounds suddenly has more of is	nice clothes.
one thing a person who loses 100 pounds suddenly has more of is	self-esteem.
one thing a person who loses 100 pounds suddenly has more of is	shape.
one place you might move to when you retire is	florida.
one place you might move to when you retire is	hawaii.
one place you might move to when you retire is	arizona.
one place you might move to when you retire is	california.
one city where people like to show off their bodies is	miami.
one city where people like to show off their bodies is	los angeles.
one city where people like to show off their bodies is	new york.
one city where people like to show off their bodies is	rio de janeiro.
one city where people like to show off their bodies is	paris.
somewhere children love going that adults don't is	park.
somewhere children love going that adults don't is	amusement park.
somewhere children love going that adults don't is	chuck e cheese.
somewhere children love going that adults don't is	petting zoo.
somewhere children love going that adults don't is	arcades.
one person you see only once a year is	santa.
one person you see only once a year is	grandparent.
one person you see only once a year is	doctor.
one person you see only once a year is	aunt.
one person you see only once a year is	dentist.
one person you see only once a year is	cousin.
one thing people do when they're depressed because they've gained weight is	eat more.
one thing people do when they're depressed because they've gained weight is	fad diet.
one thing people do when they're depressed because they've gained weight is	starve.
one thing people do when they're depressed because they've gained weight is	sleep.
one animal you might see at the zoo (new set) is	monkeys.
one animal you might see at the zoo (new set) is	lions.
one animal you might see at the zoo (new set) is	elephants.
one animal you might see at the zoo (new set) is	tigers.
one animal you might see at the zoo (new set) is	zebras.
one animal you might see at the zoo (new set) is	giraffes.
one thing that's usually required to rent an automobile is	credit card.
one thing that's usually required to rent an automobile is	drivers license.
one subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted is	weather.
one subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted is	job.
one subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted is	kids.
one subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted is	hobbies.
one subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted is	past loves.
one subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted is	recent news.
one subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted is	hometown.
one thing with a flame is	lighter.
one thing with a flame is	candle.
one thing with a flame is	fire.
one thing with a flame is	torch.
one thing with a flame is	stove.
one thing with a flame is	matches.
one activity that might take place during a slumber party is	pillow fight.
one activity that might take place during a slumber party is	play games.
one activity that might take place during a slumber party is	tell ghost stories.
one activity that might take place during a slumber party is	watch movie.
one activity that might take place during a slumber party is	makeover.
one activity that might take place during a slumber party is	dancing.
one thing you don't have to be intelligent to win is	lottery.
one thing you don't have to be intelligent to win is	card game.
one thing you don't have to be intelligent to win is	bingo.
one thing you don't have to be intelligent to win is	sports game.
one thing you don't have to be intelligent to win is	race.
one thing you don't have to be intelligent to win is	game show.
one thing you don't have to be intelligent to win is	eating contest.
one place where you spray perfume is	neck.
one place where you spray perfume is	wrist.
one place where you spray perfume is	bathroom.
one place where you spray perfume is	underarm.
one thing parents brag about their children when they're babies is	how cute they are.
one thing parents brag about their children when they're babies is	first word.
one thing parents brag about their children when they're babies is	walking.
one thing parents brag about their children when they're babies is	they're so smart.
one thing parents brag about their children when they're babies is	sleep all night.
one thing parents brag about their children when they're babies is	they smile.
one thing you might do on a date is	kiss.
one thing you might do on a date is	go out for dinner.
one thing you might do on a date is	talk.
one thing you might do on a date is	watch a movie.
one thing you might do on a date is	pay.
one reason one person might buy one brand of toilet paper over another is	softer.
one reason one person might buy one brand of toilet paper over another is	cheaper.
one ingredient you would find at a fancy salad bar is	lettuce.
one ingredient you would find at a fancy salad bar is	alfalfa sprouts.
one ingredient you would find at a fancy salad bar is	shrimp.
one ingredient you would find at a fancy salad bar is	olives.
one ingredient you would find at a fancy salad bar is	cherry tomatoes.
one ingredient you would find at a fancy salad bar is	cucumber.
some personal information you don't feel is anyone's business but your own is	sex life.
some personal information you don't feel is anyone's business but your own is	age.
some personal information you don't feel is anyone's business but your own is	income.
some personal information you don't feel is anyone's business but your own is	weight.
some personal information you don't feel is anyone's business but your own is	social security.
one thing that you think is okay to do in public but is frowned upon by other people is	kiss.
one thing that you think is okay to do in public but is frowned upon by other people is	breast feeding.
one thing that you think is okay to do in public but is frowned upon by other people is	fart.
one thing that you think is okay to do in public but is frowned upon by other people is	belch.
one thing that you think is okay to do in public but is frowned upon by other people is	pee.
one exercise that no one looks good doing is	yoga.
one exercise that no one looks good doing is	sit-ups/crunches.
one exercise that no one looks good doing is	jogging/treadmill.
one exercise that no one looks good doing is	squats.
one smart animal is	dogs.
one smart animal is	dolphin.
one smart animal is	monkey.
one smart animal is	elephant.
one smart animal is	pig.
one thing a person might do right after eating a big thanksgiving dinner is	more sleep.
one thing a person might do right after eating a big thanksgiving dinner is	nap.
one thing a person might do right after eating a big thanksgiving dinner is	dream.
one thing a person might do right after eating a big thanksgiving dinner is	sleep.
one thing a person might do right after eating a big thanksgiving dinner is	slumber.
one thing a person might do right after eating a big thanksgiving dinner is	snooze.
one thing people do at the airport while waiting for an airplane is	read.
one thing people do at the airport while waiting for an airplane is	eat/drink.
one thing people do at the airport while waiting for an airplane is	sleep.
one thing people do at the airport while waiting for an airplane is	watch people.
one thing a person keeps for a lifetime is	photos.
one thing a person keeps for a lifetime is	jewelry.
one thing a person keeps for a lifetime is	memories.
one thing a person keeps for a lifetime is	themselves.
one thing a person keeps for a lifetime is	teddy.
one thing a person keeps for a lifetime is	name.
one common superstition is	friday the thirteenth.
one common superstition is	black cat.
one common superstition is	broken mirror.
one common superstition is	walking under ladder.
one fruit you can eat with one bite is	grape.
one fruit you can eat with one bite is	strawberry.
one fruit you can eat with one bite is	prune.
one thing a politician has to be good at is	lying.
one thing a politician has to be good at is	speaking.
one thing a bracelet might be made of (be more specific than metal) is	gold.
one thing a bracelet might be made of (be more specific than metal) is	silver.
one situation when you need to gather courage before taking action is	fighting.
one situation when you need to gather courage before taking action is	proposing marriage.
one situation when you need to gather courage before taking action is	quitting a job.
one situation when you need to gather courage before taking action is	asking someone out.
one situation when you need to gather courage before taking action is	ask for a raise.
one situation when you need to gather courage before taking action is	public speaking.
one thing you check under the bonnet of your car is	oil.
one thing you check under the bonnet of your car is	water.
one thing you check under the bonnet of your car is	engine.
one thing you check under the bonnet of your car is	battery.
one thing you check under the bonnet of your car is	radiator.
one thing that some people seem to love more than people is	pets.
one thing that some people seem to love more than people is	money.
one thing that some people seem to love more than people is	chocolate.
one thing that some people seem to love more than people is	food.
one profession that requires really good balance is	tightrope walker.
one profession that requires really good balance is	acrobat.
one profession that requires really good balance is	gymnast.
one profession that requires really good balance is	trapeze artist.
one profession that requires really good balance is	ballerina.
one subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on is	relationships.
one subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on is	babies.
one subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on is	parenting.
one subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on is	baby.
one subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on is	job.
one subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on is	money.
one subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on is	health care.
one subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on is	election.
one subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on is	politics.
one subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on is	healthcare.
one loud noise you might hear coming from your rude neighbor's house is	music.
one loud noise you might hear coming from your rude neighbor's house is	yelling.
one loud noise you might hear coming from your rude neighbor's house is	barking dog.
one loud noise you might hear coming from your rude neighbor's house is	pounding.
one loud noise you might hear coming from your rude neighbor's house is	belching.
one loud noise you might hear coming from your rude neighbor's house is	saw.
one precious stone or gem is	diamond.
one precious stone or gem is	ruby.
one precious stone or gem is	emerald.
one precious stone or gem is	opal.
one precious stone or gem is	pearl.
one thing people do while watching their favorite band is	dance.
one thing people do while watching their favorite band is	sing along.
one thing people do while watching their favorite band is	bob head.
one thing people do while watching their favorite band is	clap.
one thing people do while watching their favorite band is	tap fingers.
one thing people do while watching their favorite band is	play air guitar.
one costume a boy might wear for halloween is	batman.
one costume a boy might wear for halloween is	pirate.
one costume a boy might wear for halloween is	superman.
one costume a boy might wear for halloween is	vampire.
one activity for which people wear boots is	hiking.
one activity for which people wear boots is	ski/snowboarding.
one activity for which people wear boots is	hunting.
one activity for which people wear boots is	fishing.
one activity for which people wear boots is	sledding.
one activity for which people wear boots is	shoveling.
one activity for which people wear boots is	horseback riding.
one event in olympic gymnastics is	balance beam.
one event in olympic gymnastics is	floor exercise.
one event in olympic gymnastics is	the vault.
one event in olympic gymnastics is	parallel bars.
one event in olympic gymnastics is	the rings.
one thing twins have in common is	looks.
one thing twins have in common is	parents.
one thing twins have in common is	birthday.
one thing twins have in common is	surname.
one thing twins have in common is	genes.
one animal that you could outrun is	turtle.
one animal that you could outrun is	cat.
one animal that you could outrun is	snail.
one animal that you could outrun is	dog.
one animal that you could outrun is	pig.
one animal that you could outrun is	rabbit.
one body part that's on a woman and a chicken is	breasts.
one body part that's on a woman and a chicken is	legs/thighs.
one body part that's on a woman and a chicken is	feet/claws.
one body part that's on a woman and a chicken is	neck.
one fruit that is used to describe a woman's body or part of it is	pear.
one fruit that is used to describe a woman's body or part of it is	melon.
one fruit that is used to describe a woman's body or part of it is	apple.
one fruit that is used to describe a woman's body or part of it is	peach.
one fruit that is used to describe a woman's body or part of it is	cherry.
one reason you might want to change seats on a plane is	want window or aisle.
one reason you might want to change seats on a plane is	annoying person.
one reason you might want to change seats on a plane is	crying baby.
one reason you might want to change seats on a plane is	cramped.
one reason you might want to change seats on a plane is	bad hygiene.
one reason you might want to change seats on a plane is	turbulence.
one kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby is	movie/theater.
one kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby is	restaurant.
one kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby is	airplane.
one kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby is	church.
one kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby is	bus.
one kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby is	doctor's office.
one kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby is	concert.
one thing that causes a person to laugh is	jokes.
one thing that causes a person to laugh is	being tickled.
one thing that causes a person to laugh is	tv show/movie.
one thing that causes a person to laugh is	clown.
other than christmas one occasion for which people decorate their houses is	halloween.
other than christmas one occasion for which people decorate their houses is	easter.
other than christmas one occasion for which people decorate their houses is	thanksgiving.
other than christmas one occasion for which people decorate their houses is	birthday.
other than christmas one occasion for which people decorate their houses is	fourth of july.
other than for a passenger one reason a cab driver would stop the car is	red light.
other than for a passenger one reason a cab driver would stop the car is	accident.
other than for a passenger one reason a cab driver would stop the car is	traffic jam.
other than for a passenger one reason a cab driver would stop the car is	police/sirens.
other than for a passenger one reason a cab driver would stop the car is	needs gas.
other than swimsuits, one thing people wear to the beach is	shorts.
other than swimsuits, one thing people wear to the beach is	flip flops.
other than swimsuits, one thing people wear to the beach is	sunglasses.
other than swimsuits, one thing people wear to the beach is	sunblock.
other than swimsuits, one thing people wear to the beach is	hat.
other than swimsuits, one thing people wear to the beach is	towel.
once a baby can crawl, one thing you make sure is baby-proofed in your house is	stairs.
once a baby can crawl, one thing you make sure is baby-proofed in your house is	outlets.
once a baby can crawl, one thing you make sure is baby-proofed in your house is	cabinets/bleach.
once a baby can crawl, one thing you make sure is baby-proofed in your house is	table corners.
once a baby can crawl, one thing you make sure is baby-proofed in your house is	medication.
once a baby can crawl, one thing you make sure is baby-proofed in your house is	stove/oven.
Q: other than academic why might a teen choose a certain college? A:	sports team.
Q: other than academic why might a teen choose a certain college? A:	location.
Q: other than academic why might a teen choose a certain college? A:	friends are going.
Q: other than academic why might a teen choose a certain college? A:	party school.
Q: other than academic why might a teen choose a certain college? A:	cost of tuition.
other than christmas one word thats in almost every christmas song is	merry.
other than christmas one word thats in almost every christmas song is	santa.
other than christmas one word thats in almost every christmas song is	snow.
other than christmas one word thats in almost every christmas song is	bells.
other than christmas one word thats in almost every christmas song is	holiday.
other than displays of affection one thing you wish couples wouldnt do in public is	fight.
other than displays of affection one thing you wish couples wouldnt do in public is	feed each other.
other than displays of affection one thing you wish couples wouldnt do in public is	baby talk.
other than rain, one reason a person might close the top of their convertible is	windy.
other than rain, one reason a person might close the top of their convertible is	snow.
other than rain, one reason a person might close the top of their convertible is	cold.
other than rain, one reason a person might close the top of their convertible is	sun.
other than rain, one reason a person might close the top of their convertible is	too hot.
other than rain, one reason a person might close the top of their convertible is	night time.
other than her kids one thing a woman might blame her gray hair on is	work.
other than her kids one thing a woman might blame her gray hair on is	husband.
other than her kids one thing a woman might blame her gray hair on is	bills.
other than her kids one thing a woman might blame her gray hair on is	age.
other than her kids one thing a woman might blame her gray hair on is	parents.
other than her kids one thing a woman might blame her gray hair on is	nature.
other than a doctor, one occupation that makes house calls is	plumber.
other than a doctor, one occupation that makes house calls is	repair.
other than a doctor, one occupation that makes house calls is	salesman.
other than a doctor, one occupation that makes house calls is	milkman.
other than a doctor, one occupation that makes house calls is	veterinarian.
past or present, one famous blonde who proves blondes really do have more fun is	marilyn monroe.
past or present, one famous blonde who proves blondes really do have more fun is	madonna.
past or present, one famous new york yankee is	babe ruth.
past or present, one famous new york yankee is	lou gehrig.
past or present, one tv show set on an island is	gilligan's island.
past or present, one tv show set on an island is	lost.
past or present, one tv show set on an island is	survivor.
past or present, one tv show set on an island is	fantasy island.
past or present, one tv show set on an island is	hawaii five-o.
people move to california for the weather one reason they move away is	cost of living.
people move to california for the weather one reason they move away is	earthquakes.
people move to california for the weather one reason they move away is	too many people.
people move to california for the weather one reason they move away is	weather.
people move to california for the weather one reason they move away is	crime.
people move to california for the weather one reason they move away is	smog.
people are always complaining about taxes; one thing our taxes pay for, that you approve of is	school system.
people are always complaining about taxes; one thing our taxes pay for, that you approve of is	road improvement.
people are always complaining about taxes; one thing our taxes pay for, that you approve of is	trash removal.
people are always complaining about taxes; one thing our taxes pay for, that you approve of is	prisons.
people are always complaining about taxes; one thing our taxes pay for, that you approve of is	public library.
past or present, one game show about relationships is	dating game.
past or present, one game show about relationships is	newly wed game.
past or present, one game show about relationships is	love connection.
past or present, one game show about relationships is	blind date.
past or present, one game show about relationships is	family feud.
past or present, one game show about relationships is	family heart.
poor people worry about money one do rich people worry about is	money.
poor people worry about money one do rich people worry about is	friends.
poor people worry about money one do rich people worry about is	health.
poor people worry about money one do rich people worry about is	cars.
poor people worry about money one do rich people worry about is	poor people.
poor people worry about money one do rich people worry about is	not being happy.
past or present, one famous artist is	pablo picasso.
past or present, one famous artist is	vincent van gogh.
past or present, one famous artist is	leonardo da vinci.
past or present, one famous artist is	michelangelo.
past or present, one famous artist is	rembrandt vin rijn.
past or present, one famous artist is	auguste renoir.
past or present, one famous artist is	norman rockwell.
past or present, one famous country singer is	dolly parton.
past or present, one famous country singer is	willie nelson.
past or present, one famous country singer is	garth brooks.
past or present, one famous country singer is	george strait.
past or present, one famous country singer is	johnny cash.
past or present, one famous country singer is	carrie underwood.
real or fictional, one famous "paul" is	mccartney.
real or fictional, one famous "paul" is	revere.
real or fictional, one famous "paul" is	bunyan.
real or fictional, one famous "paul" is	newman.
real or fictional, one famous "paul" is	the apostle.
real or fictional, one famous "paul" is	simon.
real or fictional, tell me one person who has the word "little" in their  is	little richard.
real or fictional, tell me one person who has the word "little" in their  is	stuart little.
real or fictional, tell me one person who has the word "little" in their  is	rich little.
real or fictional, tell me one person who has the word "little" in their  is	little john.
real or fictional, tell me one person who has the word "little" in their  is	little boy blue.
real or fictional, tell me one person who has the word "little" in their  is	lil' bow wow.
real or fictional, one famous male who wears tights is	robin hood.
real or fictional, one famous male who wears tights is	superman.
real or fictional, one famous male who wears tights is	peter pan.
real or fictional, one famous male who wears tights is	batman.
real or fictional, one famous male who wears tights is	bary shnikov.
real or fictional, one famous male who wears tights is	zorro.
real or fictional, one famous male who wears tights is	romeo.
real or fictional, one famous male who wears tights is	john travolta.
Q: roses are red, violets are blue, tell me a poet who's famous to you? A:	edgar allen poe.
Q: roses are red, violets are blue, tell me a poet who's famous to you? A:	william shakespear.
Q: roses are red, violets are blue, tell me a poet who's famous to you? A:	robert frost.
Q: roses are red, violets are blue, tell me a poet who's famous to you? A:	john keats.
Q: roses are red, violets are blue, tell me a poet who's famous to you? A:	maya angelou.
Q: something in a woman's purse that's not in a man's wallet? A:	make up.
Q: something in a woman's purse that's not in a man's wallet? A:	feminine products.
Q: something in a woman's purse that's not in a man's wallet? A:	perfume.
Q: something in a woman's purse that's not in a man's wallet? A:	brush.
Q: something in a woman's purse that's not in a man's wallet? A:	lotion.
Q: something in a woman's purse that's not in a man's wallet? A:	mirror.
Q: something that gives you the chills? A:	scary movies.
Q: something that gives you the chills? A:	bugs/spiders.
Q: something that gives you the chills? A:	cold weather/snow.
Q: something that gives you the chills? A:	nails on chalkb'd.
Q: something that gives you the chills? A:	cold drinks.
Q: something that gives you the chills? A:	ice cream.
Q: something that gives you the chills? A:	snakes.
one game show that's been around forever is	price is right.
one game show that's been around forever is	family fued.
one game show that's been around forever is	wheel of fortune.
one game show that's been around forever is	jeopardy.
Q: tell one person who parents tell their kids to have respect for (more specific then "elders")? A:	teacher.
Q: tell one person who parents tell their kids to have respect for (more specific then "elders")? A:	grandparent.
Q: tell one person who parents tell their kids to have respect for (more specific then "elders")? A:	police officer.
Q: tell one person who parents tell their kids to have respect for (more specific then "elders")? A:	themselves.
Q: tell one person who parents tell their kids to have respect for (more specific then "elders")? A:	parent.
Q: tell one person who parents tell their kids to have respect for (more specific then "elders")? A:	clergy.
tell me a  you might give your pet that you'd hate to have as your  is	spot.
tell me a  you might give your pet that you'd hate to have as your  is	fido.
tell me a  you might give your pet that you'd hate to have as your  is	rover.
tell me a  you might give your pet that you'd hate to have as your  is	fluffy.
tell me a  you might give your pet that you'd hate to have as your  is	spike.
tell me a  you might give your pet that you'd hate to have as your  is	pookie.
one thing you only do when youre sick is	nap.
one thing you only do when youre sick is	vomit.
one thing you only do when youre sick is	take medicine.
one thing you only do when youre sick is	eat soup.
one thing you only do when youre sick is	home from work.
one thing you only do when youre sick is	go to doctor.
tell me a place in the newspaper where you wouldnt want to see your  is	obituaries.
tell me a place in the newspaper where you wouldnt want to see your  is	front page.
tell me a place in the newspaper where you wouldnt want to see your  is	crime log/courts.
tell me a place in the newspaper where you wouldnt want to see your  is	classified.
tell me a food that has "hot" in its  is	hot dog.
tell me a food that has "hot" in its  is	hot sauce.
tell me a food that has "hot" in its  is	hot tamale.
tell me a food that has "hot" in its  is	hot wings.
tell me a food that has "hot" in its  is	hot pocket.
tell me a food that has "hot" in its  is	hot peppers.
one question that twins are often asked is	are you twins?.
one question that twins are often asked is	identical / fraternal.
one question that twins are often asked is	who's older?.
one question that twins are often asked is	who's who?.
one question that twins are often asked is	similar names?.
one question that twins are often asked is	think alike?.
one question that twins are often asked is	dress alike?.
one thing you hate to discover that you're missing a piece from is	puzzle.
one thing you hate to discover that you're missing a piece from is	earring.
one thing you hate to discover that you're missing a piece from is	car.
one thing you hate to discover that you're missing a piece from is	board game.
one thing you hate to discover that you're missing a piece from is	pie.
one thing you hate to discover that you're missing a piece from is	cake.
one thing youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale is	underwear.
one thing youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale is	shoes.
one thing youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale is	tv.
one thing youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale is	food.
one thing youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale is	car.
one thing youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale is	bed.
one thing youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale is	computer.
the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep is	5pm.
the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep is	8pm.
the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep is	6pm.
the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep is	7pm.
the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep is	9pm.
the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep is	4pm.
the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep is	3pm.
one word people use to describe female babies but not male babies is	pretty.
one word people use to describe female babies but not male babies is	cute.
one word people use to describe female babies but not male babies is	beautiful.
one word people use to describe female babies but not male babies is	princess.
one word people use to describe female babies but not male babies is	precious.
one word people use to describe female babies but not male babies is	adorable.
one word people use to describe female babies but not male babies is	doll.
one reason why a kid would not go swimming all summer long is	can't swim/afraid.
one reason why a kid would not go swimming all summer long is	in cast.
one reason why a kid would not go swimming all summer long is	grounded.
one reason why a kid would not go swimming all summer long is	cold weather.
one reason why a kid would not go swimming all summer long is	no pool.
how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only) is	12.
how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only) is	24.
how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only) is	10.
how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only) is	50.
how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only) is	20.
how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only) is	52.
how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only) is	30.
one place where it's easy to make friends is	work.
one place where it's easy to make friends is	school.
one place where it's easy to make friends is	bar.
one place where it's easy to make friends is	place of worship.
one place where it's easy to make friends is	internet.
one place where it's easy to make friends is	summer camp.
one thing that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails is	eat.
one thing that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails is	type.
one thing that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails is	write.
one thing that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails is	cook.
one thing that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails is	get dressed.
one thing that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails is	wash dishes.
one thing that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails is	scratch an itch.
one reason you exit the freeway is	traffic jam.
one reason you exit the freeway is	get gas.
one reason you exit the freeway is	your destination.
one reason you exit the freeway is	accident.
one reason you exit the freeway is	restroom.
one reason you exit the freeway is	to eat.
how many days it takes a man to grow a beard (numeric only) is	7 days.
how many days it takes a man to grow a beard (numeric only) is	5 days.
how many days it takes a man to grow a beard (numeric only) is	10 days.
how many days it takes a man to grow a beard (numeric only) is	14 days.
how many days it takes a man to grow a beard (numeric only) is	3 days.
how many days it takes a man to grow a beard (numeric only) is	4 days.
tell me a  people use to describe one person who talks to much is	babbermouth.
tell me a  people use to describe one person who talks to much is	big mouth.
tell me a  people use to describe one person who talks to much is	motormouth.
tell me a  people use to describe one person who talks to much is	chatterbox.
tell me a  people use to describe one person who talks to much is	gossip.
one thing you do when you stay up late at night is	watch tv/ movie.
one thing you do when you stay up late at night is	read.
one thing you do when you stay up late at night is	snack.
one thing you do when you stay up late at night is	drink.
one thing you do when you stay up late at night is	play computer games.
one emotion that gets stronger after you have children is	love.
one emotion that gets stronger after you have children is	fear/worry.
one emotion that gets stronger after you have children is	anger.
one emotion that gets stronger after you have children is	happy.
one emotion that gets stronger after you have children is	distrustful.
one emotion that gets stronger after you have children is	compassion.
one emotion that gets stronger after you have children is	pride.
one decoration you might see at one person's birthday party is	balloons.
one decoration you might see at one person's birthday party is	streamers.
one kind of place where you can be sure to see parents yelling at their kids is	supermarket.
one kind of place where you can be sure to see parents yelling at their kids is	sports game.
one kind of place where you can be sure to see parents yelling at their kids is	the mall.
one kind of place where you can be sure to see parents yelling at their kids is	restaurant.
one kind of place where you can be sure to see parents yelling at their kids is	at home.
one thing that makes people thirsty is	salty foods.
one thing that makes people thirsty is	running.
one thing that makes people thirsty is	working out.
one thing that makes people thirsty is	ham.
one thing that makes people thirsty is	potato chips.
one thing that makes people thirsty is	sports.
job where you might be working at 4 o'clock in the morning is	police officer.
job where you might be working at 4 o'clock in the morning is	doctor.
job where you might be working at 4 o'clock in the morning is	nurse.
job where you might be working at 4 o'clock in the morning is	security guard.
job where you might be working at 4 o'clock in the morning is	baker.
job where you might be working at 4 o'clock in the morning is	postman.
one thing your dogs get to do that you wish you could do is	sleep all day.
one thing your dogs get to do that you wish you could do is	run around.
one thing your dogs get to do that you wish you could do is	lick self.
one thing your dogs get to do that you wish you could do is	pee in public.
one thing your dogs get to do that you wish you could do is	jump.
one excuse people give the police when pulled over for speeding is	didn't notice speed.
one excuse people give the police when pulled over for speeding is	late.
the age when a kid is too old to sit on santa's lap is	10.
the age when a kid is too old to sit on santa's lap is	8.
the age when a child's last baby tooth falls out is	12.
the age when a child's last baby tooth falls out is	7.
the age when a child's last baby tooth falls out is	5.
one thing in a library that you can't check out is	computer.
one thing in a library that you can't check out is	periodicals.
one thing in a library that you can't check out is	reference books.
one thing in a library that you can't check out is	librarian.
two heads are better than one  another part of your body you might want to have two of is	heart.
two heads are better than one  another part of your body you might want to have two of is	nose.
two heads are better than one  another part of your body you might want to have two of is	brain.
two heads are better than one  another part of your body you might want to have two of is	mouth.
two heads are better than one  another part of your body you might want to have two of is	stomach.
two heads are better than one  another part of your body you might want to have two of is	hands.
the age at which a kid no longer wants to be seen with his parents is	13.
the age at which a kid no longer wants to be seen with his parents is	12.
the age at which a kid no longer wants to be seen with his parents is	10.
the age at which a kid no longer wants to be seen with his parents is	14.
the age at which a kid no longer wants to be seen with his parents is	16.
where you store all your spare change is	jar.
where you store all your spare change is	piggy bank.
where you store all your spare change is	pocket.
where you store all your spare change is	car.
where you store all your spare change is	purse.
where you store all your spare change is	drawer.
how many cups of coffee it takes to give you the jitters is	three.
how many cups of coffee it takes to give you the jitters is	four.
how many cups of coffee it takes to give you the jitters is	five.
how many cups of coffee it takes to give you the jitters is	two.
how many cups of coffee it takes to give you the jitters is	one.
how many cups of coffee it takes to give you the jitters is	ten.
one thing two people can ride at the same time is	tandem bicycles.
one thing two people can ride at the same time is	car.
one thing two people can ride at the same time is	motorcycles.
one thing two people can ride at the same time is	horse.
one thing two people can ride at the same time is	amusement ride.
one thing two people can ride at the same time is	jet ski.
one thing two people can ride at the same time is	bus.
one thing you hate to admit you did on saturday night is	stayed home.
one thing you hate to admit you did on saturday night is	got drunk.
one thing you hate to admit you did on saturday night is	had a fling.
one thing you hate to admit you did on saturday night is	gambled/lost money.
tell me an animal that high school teams are often d after is	dogs.
tell me an animal that high school teams are often d after is	tigers.
tell me an animal that high school teams are often d after is	bears.
tell me an animal that high school teams are often d after is	eagles.
tell me an animal that high school teams are often d after is	cougar.
tell me an animal that high school teams are often d after is	lions.
the age when a kid gets braces is	twelve.
the age when a kid gets braces is	ten.
the age when a kid gets braces is	thirteen.
the age when a kid gets braces is	fourteen.
the age when a kid gets braces is	eight.
the age when a kid gets braces is	eleven.
the age when a kid gets braces is	nine.
the age when a kid gets braces is	six.
one thing you would not like to see when getting on an airplane is	flames.
one thing you would not like to see when getting on an airplane is	drunk pilot.
one thing you would not like to see when getting on an airplane is	bomb.
one thing you would not like to see when getting on an airplane is	terrorists.
one thing you would not like to see when getting on an airplane is	guns.
one thing you would not like to see when getting on an airplane is	crying baby.
one animal that people usually don't like to eat is	dog.
one animal that people usually don't like to eat is	deer.
one animal that people usually don't like to eat is	cats.
one animal that people usually don't like to eat is	skunks.
one animal that people usually don't like to eat is	snakes.
one thing you'd love to be able to hypnotize your children to do is	clean up/room.
one thing you'd love to be able to hypnotize your children to do is	listen/behave.
one thing you'd love to be able to hypnotize your children to do is	homew'k/gd grades.
one thing you'd love to be able to hypnotize your children to do is	go to bed/sleep.
one thing you'd love to be able to hypnotize your children to do is	say no to drugs.
one thing you'd love to be able to hypnotize your children to do is	cook for me.
one thing that's harder to do backwards than forwards is	walk.
one thing that's harder to do backwards than forwards is	run.
one thing that's harder to do backwards than forwards is	drive.
one thing that's harder to do backwards than forwards is	ice-skate/skate.
one thing that's harder to do backwards than forwards is	ride a bike.
one thing that's harder to do backwards than forwards is	read.
one word you'd use to describe one person who is mean is	bully.
one word you'd use to describe one person who is mean is	horrible.
one word you'd use to describe one person who is mean is	bossy.
one word you'd use to describe one person who is mean is	wicked.
one word you'd use to describe one person who is mean is	cruel.
one thing kids are always complaining about is	homework.
one thing kids are always complaining about is	going to school.
one thing kids are always complaining about is	chores.
one thing kids are always complaining about is	they're bored.
one thing kids are always complaining about is	bed time.
one person children often learn about in school is	abraham lincoln.
one person children often learn about in school is	john f. kennedy.
one person children often learn about in school is	benjamin franklin.
one person children often learn about in school is	martin luther king jr..
one person children often learn about in school is	rosa parks.
one academy award category most people stay up to watch is	best actor.
one academy award category most people stay up to watch is	best picture.
one academy award category most people stay up to watch is	best actress.
one academy award category most people stay up to watch is	best music.
the time of day when most people eat breakfast is	8:00 am.
the time of day when most people eat breakfast is	7:00 am.
the time of day when most people eat breakfast is	9:00 am.
the time of day when most people eat breakfast is	10:00 am.
the time of day when most people eat breakfast is	7:30 am.
the time of day when most people eat breakfast is	9:30 am.
they say with age comes wisdom one thing else that comes with age is	wrinkles.
they say with age comes wisdom one thing else that comes with age is	aches.
they say with age comes wisdom one thing else that comes with age is	experience.
they say with age comes wisdom one thing else that comes with age is	gray hair.
they say with age comes wisdom one thing else that comes with age is	hair loss.
they say with age comes wisdom one thing else that comes with age is	arthritis.
one thing that would make an unlikely weapon is	spoon.
one thing that would make an unlikely weapon is	forks.
one thing that would make an unlikely weapon is	pen.
one thing that would make an unlikely weapon is	keys.
one thing that would make an unlikely weapon is	shoes.
one thing that would make an unlikely weapon is	pillows.
one thing that would make an unlikely weapon is	bananas.
one thing that would make an unlikely weapon is	feathers.
one thing that reminds you of the fall season is	leaves fall/turn.
one thing that reminds you of the fall season is	colder weather.
one thing that reminds you of the fall season is	pumpkins.
one thing that reminds you of the fall season is	football.
one thing that reminds you of the fall season is	new tv shows.
one thing a man with a big beer belly might have a hard time fitting into is	pants.
one thing a man with a big beer belly might have a hard time fitting into is	car.
one thing a man with a big beer belly might have a hard time fitting into is	airplane.
one thing a man with a big beer belly might have a hard time fitting into is	shirt.
one thing you see in front of schools is	flag.
one thing you see in front of schools is	children.
one thing you see in front of schools is	buses.
one thing you see in front of schools is	crossing guard.
one thing you see in front of schools is	school name.
one thing you see in front of schools is	speed limit sign.
one bad job for one person who hates horses is	jockey.
one bad job for one person who hates horses is	stable hand.
one bad job for one person who hates horses is	horse trainer.
one bad job for one person who hates horses is	farmer.
one bad job for one person who hates horses is	rancher.
one bad job for one person who hates horses is	veterinarian.
one excuse a man might give for showing up late for a date is	stuck in traffic.
one excuse a man might give for showing up late for a date is	car trouble.
one dance that a guy might do at his prom if his grandparents taught him how to dance is	waltz.
one dance that a guy might do at his prom if his grandparents taught him how to dance is	the twist.
one dance that a guy might do at his prom if his grandparents taught him how to dance is	swing.
one dance that a guy might do at his prom if his grandparents taught him how to dance is	polka.
one dance that a guy might do at his prom if his grandparents taught him how to dance is	square dance.
one dance that a guy might do at his prom if his grandparents taught him how to dance is	tango.
one thing you think of when you think of india is	curry.
one thing you think of when you think of india is	taj mahal.
one thing you think of when you think of india is	elephants.
one thing you think of when you think of india is	mahatma gandhi.
one thing that reminds you of winter is	snow.
one thing that reminds you of winter is	cold.
one thing that reminds you of winter is	christmas.
one thing that reminds you of winter is	snowman.
one thing that reminds you of winter is	hot chocolate.
one thing people think needs saving is	money.
one thing people think needs saving is	life.
one thing people think needs saving is	animals.
one thing people think needs saving is	souls.
one thing people think needs saving is	world.
one thing people think needs saving is	childhood.
one thing people think needs saving is	bills.
one thing people think needs saving is	economy.
the color of an alien is	green.
the color of an alien is	grey.
the color of an alien is	white.
the color of an alien is	black.
one thing that has the word "hood" in it is	neighborhood.
one thing that has the word "hood" in it is	robin hood.
one thing that has the word "hood" in it is	childhood.
one thing that has the word "hood" in it is	fatherhood.
one lullaby that always works on babies is	rock-a-bye baby.
one lullaby that always works on babies is	hush little baby.
one lullaby that always works on babies is	twinkle, twinkle.
one lullaby that always works on babies is	go to sleep little baby.
one lullaby that always works on babies is	brahms lullaby.
part of a woman's body that is usually bigger than a man's is	chest.
part of a woman's body that is usually bigger than a man's is	buttocks.
part of a woman's body that is usually bigger than a man's is	hips.
part of a woman's body that is usually bigger than a man's is	feet.
part of a woman's body that is usually bigger than a man's is	head.
one profession that charges by the hour is	psychiatrist/dr..
one profession that charges by the hour is	lawyer.
one profession that charges by the hour is	massage therapist.
one profession that charges by the hour is	plumber.
one profession that charges by the hour is	carpenter.
one profession that charges by the hour is	prostitute.
one form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rainstorm is	motorcycle.
one form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rainstorm is	bicycle.
one form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rainstorm is	airplane.
one form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rainstorm is	boat.
one form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rainstorm is	walking.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	money.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	pen/pencil.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	significant other.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	police officer.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	keys.
one thing that is never there when you need it is	friends.
one kind of place where it's acceptable to scream is	amusement park.
one kind of place where it's acceptable to scream is	sports event.
one kind of place where it's acceptable to scream is	home.
one kind of place where it's acceptable to scream is	movie/theater.
one kind of place where it's acceptable to scream is	concert.
one kind of place where it's acceptable to scream is	dr./delivery room.
one dream job that you wanted as a kid and still want today is	doctor.
one dream job that you wanted as a kid and still want today is	astronaut.
one dream job that you wanted as a kid and still want today is	performer.
one dream job that you wanted as a kid and still want today is	athlete.
one dream job that you wanted as a kid and still want today is	pilot.
one dream job that you wanted as a kid and still want today is	lawyer.
somewhere you'd expect to meet a ghost is	haunted house.
somewhere you'd expect to meet a ghost is	cemetery.
somewhere you'd expect to meet a ghost is	old hospital.
somewhere you'd expect to meet a ghost is	attic.
one person you address using sir or ma'am is	teacher.
one person you address using sir or ma'am is	boss.
one person you address using sir or ma'am is	parent.
one person you address using sir or ma'am is	judge.
one person you address using sir or ma'am is	police officer.
one person you address using sir or ma'am is	server.
one place where you often have to pay for parking is	mall.
one place where you often have to pay for parking is	hospital.
one place where you often have to pay for parking is	concert.
one place where you often have to pay for parking is	airport.
one place where you often have to pay for parking is	work/downtown.
one place where you often have to pay for parking is	sporting event.
unlike honey bun one breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name is	cereal.
unlike honey bun one breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name is	eggs.
unlike honey bun one breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name is	bacon.
unlike honey bun one breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name is	toast.
unlike honey bun one breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name is	pancake.
unlike honey bun one breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name is	donut.
unlike honey bun one breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name is	bagel.
one might a woman brag that her husband is better at than most is	kissing/ intimacy.
one might a woman brag that her husband is better at than most is	cooking.
one might a woman brag that her husband is better at than most is	fixing things.
one might a woman brag that her husband is better at than most is	making money.
one might a woman brag that her husband is better at than most is	cleaning.
one website would you go to first if you want to find out more about something is	google.
one website would you go to first if you want to find out more about something is	yahoo.
one website would you go to first if you want to find out more about something is	wikipedia.
one website would you go to first if you want to find out more about something is	ask.com.
one website would you go to first if you want to find out more about something is	bing.
one do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine is	read.
one do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine is	tuck them in.
one do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine is	brush teeth.
one do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine is	give bath.
one do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine is	pray.
one do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine is	sing.
one do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine is	kiss goodnight.
one of your usual bills increase over the holidays is	credit card.
one of your usual bills increase over the holidays is	electric/lights.
one of your usual bills increase over the holidays is	food.
one of your usual bills increase over the holidays is	phone.
one of your usual bills increase over the holidays is	transportation/gas.
one of your usual bills increase over the holidays is	heat.
one worldly topic would you be surprised to learn that britney spears and jessica simpson talk about when they're alone is	politics.
one worldly topic would you be surprised to learn that britney spears and jessica simpson talk about when they're alone is	war.
one worldly topic would you be surprised to learn that britney spears and jessica simpson talk about when they're alone is	world peace.
one worldly topic would you be surprised to learn that britney spears and jessica simpson talk about when they're alone is	religion.
one worldly topic would you be surprised to learn that britney spears and jessica simpson talk about when they're alone is	hunger/poverty.
one worldly topic would you be surprised to learn that britney spears and jessica simpson talk about when they're alone is	global warming.
we asked women one thing you would not like to have a man do for you on a date is	order food.
we asked women one thing you would not like to have a man do for you on a date is	open car door.
we asked women one thing you would not like to have a man do for you on a date is	pay for everything.
we asked women one thing you would not like to have a man do for you on a date is	feed me.
one occupation might one person have that makes you think theyd have a flair for romance is	wedding planner.
one occupation might one person have that makes you think theyd have a flair for romance is	match maker.
one occupation might one person have that makes you think theyd have a flair for romance is	actor.
one occupation might one person have that makes you think theyd have a flair for romance is	dancer.
one occupation might one person have that makes you think theyd have a flair for romance is	writer.
when shes run out of money one might a gambler put on the table is	jewelry.
when shes run out of money one might a gambler put on the table is	car keys.
when shes run out of money one might a gambler put on the table is	credit card.
when shes run out of money one might a gambler put on the table is	articles of clothing.
when shes run out of money one might a gambler put on the table is	deed to house.
one might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home is	clothes.
one might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home is	food.
one might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home is	money.
one might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home is	bedding.
one might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home is	toys.
one might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home is	backpack.
one might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home is	bike.
Q: who was the worst oscar host? A:	david letterman.
Q: who was the worst oscar host? A:	steve martin.
Q: who was the worst oscar host? A:	jon stuart.
one might a cowboy have hidden under his hat is	gun.
one might a cowboy have hidden under his hat is	money.
one might a cowboy have hidden under his hat is	hair.
one might a cowboy have hidden under his hat is	cigarettes.
one might a cowboy have hidden under his hat is	whiskey.
one might a cowboy have hidden under his hat is	bandana.
one do you need to check to ensure that your car runs properly is	oil.
one do you need to check to ensure that your car runs properly is	gas.
one do you need to check to ensure that your car runs properly is	engine.
one do you need to check to ensure that your car runs properly is	brakes.
one do you need to check to ensure that your car runs properly is	tires.
one do you need to check to ensure that your car runs properly is	battery.
one do you think a high school mascot wears under his costume is	nothing.
one do you think a high school mascot wears under his costume is	shorts.
one do you think a high school mascot wears under his costume is	underwear.
one do you think a high school mascot wears under his costume is	tights.
one do you think a high school mascot wears under his costume is	t shirt.
one might you want to bring with you, when babysitting an infant who cries a lot is	pacifier.
one might you want to bring with you, when babysitting an infant who cries a lot is	ear plugs.
one might you want to bring with you, when babysitting an infant who cries a lot is	toys.
one might you want to bring with you, when babysitting an infant who cries a lot is	headphones.
one do people do at the beach that doesnt involve getting in the water is	tan.
one do people do at the beach that doesnt involve getting in the water is	play volleyball.
one do people do at the beach that doesnt involve getting in the water is	walk.
one do people do at the beach that doesnt involve getting in the water is	picnic.
one animal would you see at a farm, but never consider keeping for a pet is	cow.
one animal would you see at a farm, but never consider keeping for a pet is	pig.
one animal would you see at a farm, but never consider keeping for a pet is	goat.
one animal would you see at a farm, but never consider keeping for a pet is	chicken.
one animal would you see at a farm, but never consider keeping for a pet is	horse.
one animal would you see at a farm, but never consider keeping for a pet is	sheep.
one do you see at the olympics that you might also see at a spelling bee is	judges.
one do you see at the olympics that you might also see at a spelling bee is	prize.
one do you see at the olympics that you might also see at a spelling bee is	audience.
one do you see at the olympics that you might also see at a spelling bee is	competition.
one do you see at the olympics that you might also see at a spelling bee is	timer.
one do you see at the olympics that you might also see at a spelling bee is	scores.
when you have a headache, one thing it hurts to do is	talk/yell.
when you have a headache, one thing it hurts to do is	think.
when you have a headache, one thing it hurts to do is	laugh.
when you have a headache, one thing it hurts to do is	bend over.
when you have a headache, one thing it hurts to do is	cough.
when you have a headache, one thing it hurts to do is	look at light.
Q: when you were a little kid, where did you think babies came from? A:	stork.
Q: when you were a little kid, where did you think babies came from? A:	mother's stomach.
Q: when you were a little kid, where did you think babies came from? A:	heaven.
Q: when you were a little kid, where did you think babies came from? A:	already knew.
Q: when you were a little kid, where did you think babies came from? A:	cabbage patch.
one sounds do children listen for on christmas eve is	sleigh bells.
one sounds do children listen for on christmas eve is	ho ho ho.
one sounds do children listen for on christmas eve is	reindeer on roof.
one sounds do children listen for on christmas eve is	footsteps.
one was your worst nightmare about is	death.
one was your worst nightmare about is	monster.
one was your worst nightmare about is	falling.
one was your worst nightmare about is	ghosts.
one was your worst nightmare about is	spiders.
one was your worst nightmare about is	clowns.
one was your worst nightmare about is	witches.
one would you be surprised to see a child do at a bowling alley is	get a strike.
one would you be surprised to see a child do at a bowling alley is	smoking.
one would you be surprised to see a child do at a bowling alley is	drinking.
one would you be surprised to see a child do at a bowling alley is	sleeping.
one would you be surprised to see a child do at a bowling alley is	perfect game.
one festive holiday was more fun when you were a kid is	christmas.
one festive holiday was more fun when you were a kid is	halloween.
one festive holiday was more fun when you were a kid is	easter.
one might you bring to the stadium if you wanted to be featured on the jumbo tron screen is	sign.
one might you bring to the stadium if you wanted to be featured on the jumbo tron screen is	foam finger.
one might you bring to the stadium if you wanted to be featured on the jumbo tron screen is	attractive woman.
one might you bring to the stadium if you wanted to be featured on the jumbo tron screen is	silly hat.
one would you have to learn to do before starring in a john wayne movie is	ride a horse.
one would you have to learn to do before starring in a john wayne movie is	shoot.
one would you have to learn to do before starring in a john wayne movie is	act.
one would you have to learn to do before starring in a john wayne movie is	fight.
one might a kid get in trouble for writing on is	wall.
one might a kid get in trouble for writing on is	school desk.
one might a kid get in trouble for writing on is	clothes.
one might a kid get in trouble for writing on is	skin.
one might a kid get in trouble for writing on is	car.
one would you need if you wanted to dress a rocky balboa for halloween is	boxing gloves.
one would you need if you wanted to dress a rocky balboa for halloween is	muscles.
one would you need if you wanted to dress a rocky balboa for halloween is	shorts.
one would you need if you wanted to dress a rocky balboa for halloween is	wig.
one would you need if you wanted to dress a rocky balboa for halloween is	black eye.
one might a woman do on a first date to make you suspect he was an undercover cop is	ask many questions.
one might a woman do on a first date to make you suspect he was an undercover cop is	carries a gun.
one might a woman do on a first date to make you suspect he was an undercover cop is	wears a badge.
one might a woman do on a first date to make you suspect he was an undercover cop is	ask for id.
one are you advised to to do when you're nervous about speaking in front a crowd is	picture crowd naked.
one are you advised to to do when you're nervous about speaking in front a crowd is	deep breath.
one are you advised to to do when you're nervous about speaking in front a crowd is	calm down.
one are you advised to to do when you're nervous about speaking in front a crowd is	drink water.
one might your coworker do to let you know she is very excited about christmas is	decorate.
one might your coworker do to let you know she is very excited about christmas is	sing carols.
one might your coworker do to let you know she is very excited about christmas is	dress up.
one might your coworker do to let you know she is very excited about christmas is	talk about it.
one might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy is	weapon.
one might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy is	camera.
one might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy is	money.
one might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy is	magnifying glass.
one might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy is	binoculars.
one might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy is	spy glasses.
one might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy is	tape recorder.
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning one thing that gets you up anyway is	alarm.
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning one thing that gets you up anyway is	kids.
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning one thing that gets you up anyway is	work.
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning one thing that gets you up anyway is	pet.
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning one thing that gets you up anyway is	hunger.
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning one thing that gets you up anyway is	sunlight.
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning one thing that gets you up anyway is	phone.
one might a celebrity do that causes people to criticize him is	party.
one might a celebrity do that causes people to criticize him is	cheat.
one might a celebrity do that causes people to criticize him is	drive carelessly.
one might a celebrity do that causes people to criticize him is	get arrested.
one might a celebrity do that causes people to criticize him is	divorce.
Q: where in your house do you look for something that's been packed away for winter? A:	attic.
Q: where in your house do you look for something that's been packed away for winter? A:	closet.
Q: where in your house do you look for something that's been packed away for winter? A:	basement.
Q: where in your house do you look for something that's been packed away for winter? A:	garage.
Q: where in your house do you look for something that's been packed away for winter? A:	under bed.
one might a parent videotape their child doing around the christmas holiday is	opening presents.
one might a parent videotape their child doing around the christmas holiday is	being in pageant.
one might a parent videotape their child doing around the christmas holiday is	visiting santa.
one time is the earliest you're willing to get up on a saturday is	10.
one time is the earliest you're willing to get up on a saturday is	8.
one time is the earliest you're willing to get up on a saturday is	9.
one time is the earliest you're willing to get up on a saturday is	11.
one time is the earliest you're willing to get up on a saturday is	noon.
one time is the earliest you're willing to get up on a saturday is	7:00:00.
one christmas movie is played most often over the holidays is	a christmas story.
one christmas movie is played most often over the holidays is	rudolph/red nosed reindee.
one christmas movie is played most often over the holidays is	the grinch.
one christmas movie is played most often over the holidays is	home alone.
one christmas movie is played most often over the holidays is	white christmas.
one christmas movie is played most often over the holidays is	it's/wonderful life.
one christmas movie is played most often over the holidays is	frosty the snowman.
one do you find out about a town by reading signs on the side of the road is	population.
one do you find out about a town by reading signs on the side of the road is	town name.
one do you find out about a town by reading signs on the side of the road is	speed limit.
one might one person do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare is	scream.
one might one person do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare is	cry.
one might one person do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare is	kick.
one might one person do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare is	sweat.
one might one person do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare is	thrash.
one might one person do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare is	jump.
one might one person do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare is	talk.
while at the wedding,  away you can tell that the marriage won't last is	fights at wedding.
while at the wedding,  away you can tell that the marriage won't last is	bride/ groom flirting.
while at the wedding,  away you can tell that the marriage won't last is	crying/ sad faces.
while at the wedding,  away you can tell that the marriage won't last is	how they kiss.
one trait of a good teacher would also be important for a good con man is	smart.
one trait of a good teacher would also be important for a good con man is	outgoing.
one trait of a good teacher would also be important for a good con man is	convincing.
one trait of a good teacher would also be important for a good con man is	trusted.
one trait of a good teacher would also be important for a good con man is	looks professional.
one might somebody do that would annoy fellow theatergoers at a play is	talk loudly.
one might somebody do that would annoy fellow theatergoers at a play is	use phone.
one might somebody do that would annoy fellow theatergoers at a play is	cough.
one might somebody do that would annoy fellow theatergoers at a play is	laugh.
one might somebody do that would annoy fellow theatergoers at a play is	snore.
one might somebody do that would annoy fellow theatergoers at a play is	heckle.
one would you expect to see in the audience of a romance movie is	couples.
one would you expect to see in the audience of a romance movie is	affection.
one would you expect to see in the audience of a romance movie is	tears.
one would you expect to see in the audience of a romance movie is	tissue.
one happens to your body that lets you know you're getting old is	werinkles.
one happens to your body that lets you know you're getting old is	aches.
one happens to your body that lets you know you're getting old is	gray hair.
one happens to your body that lets you know you're getting old is	sagd.
one is the maximum number of times its okay for your partner to call you at work is	1.
one is the maximum number of times its okay for your partner to call you at work is	2.
one is the maximum number of times its okay for your partner to call you at work is	3.
one is the maximum number of times its okay for your partner to call you at work is	4.
one is the maximum number of times its okay for your partner to call you at work is	5.
one's the best thing to have on the radio while on your morning commute is	music.
one's the best thing to have on the radio while on your morning commute is	talk show.
one's the best thing to have on the radio while on your morning commute is	news.
one's the best thing to have on the radio while on your morning commute is	traffic report.
one hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth is	boxing.
one hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth is	hockey.
one hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth is	football.
one hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth is	drugs.
one hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth is	baseball.
one hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth is	wrestling.
one hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth is	rugby.
Q: why might one persons phone number be unlisted? A:	privacy.
Q: why might one persons phone number be unlisted? A:	famous.
Q: why might one persons phone number be unlisted? A:	avoid telemarketers.
Q: why might one persons phone number be unlisted? A:	occupation.
Q: why might one persons phone number be unlisted? A:	getting prank calls.
Q: why might one persons phone number be unlisted? A:	just moved.
Q: why might one persons phone number be unlisted? A:	bill collectors.
one characteristics would make dracula sound attractive in a personal's ad is	dark hair.
one characteristics would make dracula sound attractive in a personal's ad is	tall.
one characteristics would make dracula sound attractive in a personal's ad is	well dressed.
one characteristics would make dracula sound attractive in a personal's ad is	accent.
one characteristics would make dracula sound attractive in a personal's ad is	mysterious.
one food do you want to avoid before kissing one person is	garlic bread.
one food do you want to avoid before kissing one person is	pizza.
one food do you want to avoid before kissing one person is	tuna.
one food do you want to avoid before kissing one person is	onion rings.
one food do you want to avoid before kissing one person is	eggs.
one food do you want to avoid before kissing one person is	chili.
one do some people look to for relationship guidance, that you don't believe in is	therapist.
one do some people look to for relationship guidance, that you don't believe in is	psychic.
one do some people look to for relationship guidance, that you don't believe in is	books.
one do some people look to for relationship guidance, that you don't believe in is	horoscope.
Q: why might a person use stairs instead of the elevator? A:	exercise.
Q: why might a person use stairs instead of the elevator? A:	fire.
Q: why might a person use stairs instead of the elevator? A:	elevator broken.
Q: why might a person use stairs instead of the elevator? A:	fear of small spaces.
Q: why might a person use stairs instead of the elevator? A:	faster.
one might you encounter on the freeway that would make you pull off for a while is	accident.
one might you encounter on the freeway that would make you pull off for a while is	traffic jam.
one might you encounter on the freeway that would make you pull off for a while is	animal.
one might you encounter on the freeway that would make you pull off for a while is	flat tire.
one might you encounter on the freeway that would make you pull off for a while is	rain/snow.
one might you encounter on the freeway that would make you pull off for a while is	police activity.
one diaper bag item would a parent hate to be without is	diapers.
one diaper bag item would a parent hate to be without is	wipes.
one diaper bag item would a parent hate to be without is	bottle.
one diaper bag item would a parent hate to be without is	pacifier.
one do some people do immediately after breaking up, and others take time to do is	date again.
one do some people do immediately after breaking up, and others take time to do is	mourn.
one do some people do immediately after breaking up, and others take time to do is	move on.
one accent might an american pretend to have in order to sound sexier is	french.
one accent might an american pretend to have in order to sound sexier is	british.
one accent might an american pretend to have in order to sound sexier is	italian.
one accent might an american pretend to have in order to sound sexier is	spanish.
one accent might an american pretend to have in order to sound sexier is	australian.
Q: who was the most influential person of the 20th century? A:	john f kennedy.
Q: who was the most influential person of the 20th century? A:	martin luther king.
Q: who was the most influential person of the 20th century? A:	bill gates.
Q: who was the most influential person of the 20th century? A:	franklin d roosevelt.
Q: who was the most influential person of the 20th century? A:	mother teresa.
one issue do voters care most about is	taxes.
one issue do voters care most about is	economy.
one issue do voters care most about is	health care.
with no time for food shopping, one thing a desperate housewife serves for dinner is	tv/frozen dinner.
with no time for food shopping, one thing a desperate housewife serves for dinner is	pizza.
with no time for food shopping, one thing a desperate housewife serves for dinner is	eggs.
with no time for food shopping, one thing a desperate housewife serves for dinner is	hot dogs.
with no time for food shopping, one thing a desperate housewife serves for dinner is	macaroni & cheese.
when the electricity goes out, one thing it's hard to do in the dark is	read.
when the electricity goes out, one thing it's hard to do in the dark is	walk.
when the electricity goes out, one thing it's hard to do in the dark is	see.
when the electricity goes out, one thing it's hard to do in the dark is	cook.
when the electricity goes out, one thing it's hard to do in the dark is	find flashlight.
Q: where might you take one person on a date if you wanted to see them in less clothing? A:	beach.
Q: where might you take one person on a date if you wanted to see them in less clothing? A:	swimming pool.
one do you call one person who is too careful with money is	send us your answers!.
one do you call one person who is too careful with money is	cheap.
we surveyed 100 married womenone place where your husband spends so much time, he might as well live there is	work/job.
we surveyed 100 married womenone place where your husband spends so much time, he might as well live there is	bathroom.
we surveyed 100 married womenone place where your husband spends so much time, he might as well live there is	bar/club.
we surveyed 100 married womenone place where your husband spends so much time, he might as well live there is	garage.
we surveyed 100 married womenone place where your husband spends so much time, he might as well live there is	golf course.
we surveyed 100 married womenone place where your husband spends so much time, he might as well live there is	basement.
Q: who is the scariest movie monster of all time? A:	freddy krueger.
Q: who is the scariest movie monster of all time? A:	dracula.
Q: who is the scariest movie monster of all time? A:	jason.
Q: who is the scariest movie monster of all time? A:	alien.
Q: who is the scariest movie monster of all time? A:	jaws.
Q: who is the scariest movie monster of all time? A:	king kong.
one actor's specialty is playing "nut cases" is	jim carrey.
one actor's specialty is playing "nut cases" is	robin williams.
one actor's specialty is playing "nut cases" is	steve martin.
one is the worst room in the house to hide valuables is	bedroom.
one is the worst room in the house to hide valuables is	living room.
one is the worst room in the house to hide valuables is	kitchen.
one is the worst room in the house to hide valuables is	bathroom.
what might you  your son if you wanted him to grow up to be a magician is	houdini.
what might you  your son if you wanted him to grow up to be a magician is	merlin.
one might a teenager do to cause their parents to forbid them from using the family car is	crash it.
one might a teenager do to cause their parents to forbid them from using the family car is	drink.
one might a teenager do to cause their parents to forbid them from using the family car is	bad grades.
one might a teenager do to cause their parents to forbid them from using the family car is	speed.
one might a teenager do to cause their parents to forbid them from using the family car is	stay out.
one might a teenager do to cause their parents to forbid them from using the family car is	get ticket.
one do you often smell before using is	perfume.
one do you often smell before using is	milk.
one do you often smell before using is	food.
one do you often smell before using is	soap.
one do you often smell before using is	deodorant.
one do you often smell before using is	shampoo.
when you break up with one person, one thing of theirs you throw away is	pictures.
when you break up with one person, one thing of theirs you throw away is	clothes.
when you break up with one person, one thing of theirs you throw away is	letters/cards.
when you break up with one person, one thing of theirs you throw away is	ring/jewelry.
when you break up with one person, one thing of theirs you throw away is	phone number.
one is the perfect dessert for a supermodel is	jello.
one is the perfect dessert for a supermodel is	fruit.
one is the perfect dessert for a supermodel is	yogurt.
one is the perfect dessert for a supermodel is	sherbert.
one is the perfect dessert for a supermodel is	celery.
one is the perfect dessert for a supermodel is	cheese cake.
we surveyed 100 married women one person or something in a circus that best describes your husband in the bedroom is	clown.
we surveyed 100 married women one person or something in a circus that best describes your husband in the bedroom is	ringmaster.
we surveyed 100 married women one person or something in a circus that best describes your husband in the bedroom is	lion.
we surveyed 100 married women one person or something in a circus that best describes your husband in the bedroom is	acrobat.
we surveyed 100 married women one person or something in a circus that best describes your husband in the bedroom is	animal tamer.
we surveyed 100 married women one person or something in a circus that best describes your husband in the bedroom is	tiger.
one do you do when one person cuts in front of you in line is	scream.
one do you do when one person cuts in front of you in line is	bellow.
one do you do when one person cuts in front of you in line is	holler.
one do you do when one person cuts in front of you in line is	yell.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that tires out your husband is	job/work.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that tires out your husband is	exercise/walking.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that tires out your husband is	housework/chores.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that tires out your husband is	mowing/yard work.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that tires out your husband is	making love.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that tires out your husband is	baby-sitting/kids.
one's something you've fallen out of at least once in your life is	bed.
one's something you've fallen out of at least once in your life is	love.
one's something you've fallen out of at least once in your life is	chair.
one's something you've fallen out of at least once in your life is	tree.
one's something you've fallen out of at least once in your life is	car.
one's something you've fallen out of at least once in your life is	swing.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you might ask a woman that could get you slapped is	"hook up"/sex?.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you might ask a woman that could get you slapped is	how 'bout a kiss?.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you might ask a woman that could get you slapped is	how old are you?.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you might ask a woman that could get you slapped is	how much weigh?.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you might ask a woman that could get you slapped is	real hair/color?.
we surveyed 100 meneven if it's for just one day, one thing hugh hefner has that you'd like to have is	his money.
we surveyed 100 meneven if it's for just one day, one thing hugh hefner has that you'd like to have is	his mansion.
we surveyed 100 meneven if it's for just one day, one thing hugh hefner has that you'd like to have is	his women.
we surveyed 100 meneven if it's for just one day, one thing hugh hefner has that you'd like to have is	his cars.
we surveyed 100 meneven if it's for just one day, one thing hugh hefner has that you'd like to have is	his fame.
we surveyed 100 meneven if it's for just one day, one thing hugh hefner has that you'd like to have is	his bathrobes.
one do you imagine is the biggest disadvantage to being tall is	bump head/ceiling.
one do you imagine is the biggest disadvantage to being tall is	small cars.
one do you imagine is the biggest disadvantage to being tall is	clothes/shoes.
one do you imagine is the biggest disadvantage to being tall is	finding partners.
one do you imagine is the biggest disadvantage to being tall is	short beds.
one would a high school kid say a prayer before doing is	test.
one would a high school kid say a prayer before doing is	eating dinner.
one would a high school kid say a prayer before doing is	competing in sports.
one would a high school kid say a prayer before doing is	going to bed.
one would a high school kid say a prayer before doing is	asking for date.
Q: without swearing, tell me a word people say right after they have made a mistake? A:	oops.
Q: without swearing, tell me a word people say right after they have made a mistake? A:	shoot.
Q: without swearing, tell me a word people say right after they have made a mistake? A:	darn.
Q: without swearing, tell me a word people say right after they have made a mistake? A:	crap.
Q: without swearing, tell me a word people say right after they have made a mistake? A:	dang.
Q: without swearing, tell me a word people say right after they have made a mistake? A:	geeze.
when you're driving to work, one place you wish you were going instead is	beach.
when you're driving to work, one place you wish you were going instead is	home.
when you're driving to work, one place you wish you were going instead is	mall.
when you're driving to work, one place you wish you were going instead is	las vegas.
when you're driving to work, one place you wish you were going instead is	movies.
when you're driving to work, one place you wish you were going instead is	park.
one talk show host is the funniest is	ellen degeneres.
one talk show host is the funniest is	steve harvey.
one talk show host is the funniest is	jay leno.
one talk show host is the funniest is	jerry springer.
one talk show host is the funniest is	jimmy fallon.
one part of people's bodies do dogs bite most is	legs.
one part of people's bodies do dogs bite most is	hands.
one part of people's bodies do dogs bite most is	ankles.
one part of people's bodies do dogs bite most is	feet.
one part of people's bodies do dogs bite most is	bottom.
one part of people's bodies do dogs bite most is	arms.
one's something you might do during your lunch break is	eat lunch.
one's something you might do during your lunch break is	smoke a cigarette.
one's something you might do during your lunch break is	talk a walk.
one's something you might do during your lunch break is	read emails.
one's your favorite thing to do when you're home alone is	watch tv.
one's your favorite thing to do when you're home alone is	veg out.
one's your favorite thing to do when you're home alone is	read.
one's your favorite thing to do when you're home alone is	listen.
one's your favorite thing to do when you're home alone is	computer.
one's your favorite thing to do when you're home alone is	puzzles.
what are common nicks for a grandmother is	na na.
what are common nicks for a grandmother is	granny.
what are common nicks for a grandmother is	grandma.
what are common nicks for a grandmother is	nanny.
what are common nicks for a grandmother is	grammy.
what are common nicks for a grandmother is	big mama.
when one person gets a case of the giggles one thing they blame it on is	another person.
when one person gets a case of the giggles one thing they blame it on is	joke.
when one person gets a case of the giggles one thing they blame it on is	being sleepy.
when one person gets a case of the giggles one thing they blame it on is	alcohol.
when one person gets a case of the giggles one thing they blame it on is	nervousness.
when one person gets a case of the giggles one thing they blame it on is	sugar.
one might you see at a baseball game is	players.
one might you see at a baseball game is	hot dog.
one might you see at a baseball game is	home runs.
one might you see at a baseball game is	fans.
one might you see at a baseball game is	strikes.
we surveyed 100 womenone is it about foreign men that appeals to you most is	an accent.
we surveyed 100 womenone is it about foreign men that appeals to you most is	their looks.
we surveyed 100 womenone is it about foreign men that appeals to you most is	mysterious/sexy.
we surveyed 100 womenone is it about foreign men that appeals to you most is	polite/manners.
we surveyed 100 womenone is it about foreign men that appeals to you most is	their customs.
one's the first thing you look for when you buy a house is	house condition.
one's the first thing you look for when you buy a house is	location.
one's the first thing you look for when you buy a house is	kitchen.
one's the first thing you look for when you buy a house is	price.
one's the first thing you look for when you buy a house is	bedrooms.
Q: when a woman goes on a shopping spree, where does she hide the purchases from her husband? A:	closet.
Q: when a woman goes on a shopping spree, where does she hide the purchases from her husband? A:	under bed/mattr..
Q: when a woman goes on a shopping spree, where does she hide the purchases from her husband? A:	drawer/dresser.
Q: when a woman goes on a shopping spree, where does she hide the purchases from her husband? A:	car/trunk.
Q: when a woman goes on a shopping spree, where does she hide the purchases from her husband? A:	basement.
Q: where were you the last time one person tried to cut in front of you in line? A:	grocery store.
Q: where were you the last time one person tried to cut in front of you in line? A:	movie line.
Q: where were you the last time one person tried to cut in front of you in line? A:	bank line.
Q: where were you the last time one person tried to cut in front of you in line? A:	department store.
Q: where were you the last time one person tried to cut in front of you in line? A:	restaurant.
one is a surefire way to liven up a dull party is	music/karaoke.
one is a surefire way to liven up a dull party is	alcohol.
one is a surefire way to liven up a dull party is	play games.
one is a surefire way to liven up a dull party is	exotic dancer.
one is a surefire way to liven up a dull party is	tell jokes.
one is a surefire way to liven up a dull party is	dance.
one part of your spouse's body is always cold is	feet.
one part of your spouse's body is always cold is	hands.
one part of your spouse's body is always cold is	nose.
one part of your spouse's body is always cold is	buttocks.
one part of your spouse's body is always cold is	heart.
one is your favourite part of the human body is	eyes.
one is your favourite part of the human body is	face.
one is your favourite part of the human body is	chest.
one is your favourite part of the human body is	hands.
one is your favourite part of the human body is	legs.
one is your favourite part of the human body is	head.
one is your favourite part of the human body is	arms.
one is the most talked-about city in the usa is	new york.
one is the most talked-about city in the usa is	l.a./hollywood.
one is the most talked-about city in the usa is	washington d.c..
one is the most talked-about city in the usa is	chicago.
one kind of bagel would you avoid eating before an interview is	onion.
one kind of bagel would you avoid eating before an interview is	garlic.
one single thing frightens small children the most is	dark.
one single thing frightens small children the most is	monster.
one single thing frightens small children the most is	strange noises.
one single thing frightens small children the most is	thunder.
one single thing frightens small children the most is	strangers.
one single thing frightens small children the most is	dog.
when you need information fast, one do you do is	computer.
when you need information fast, one do you do is	ask someone.
when you need information fast, one do you do is	dial 411.
when you need information fast, one do you do is	phone book.
when you need information fast, one do you do is	fax it.
when you need information fast, one do you do is	dictionary.
when going on vacation, one's the worst thing to forget to pack is	toiletries.
when going on vacation, one's the worst thing to forget to pack is	clothes/shoes.
when going on vacation, one's the worst thing to forget to pack is	money/credit card.
when going on vacation, one's the worst thing to forget to pack is	medication.
when going on vacation, one's the worst thing to forget to pack is	camera.
one type of healthy lunchbox foods would kids most want to trade for junk food is	fruit.
one type of healthy lunchbox foods would kids most want to trade for junk food is	vegetables.
one type of healthy lunchbox foods would kids most want to trade for junk food is	sandwich.
one type of healthy lunchbox foods would kids most want to trade for junk food is	apple.
one type of healthy lunchbox foods would kids most want to trade for junk food is	carrots.
when your car is in the repair shop, one kind of place you ask your neighbor to drive you is	store.
when your car is in the repair shop, one kind of place you ask your neighbor to drive you is	work.
when your car is in the repair shop, one kind of place you ask your neighbor to drive you is	doctor.
when your car is in the repair shop, one kind of place you ask your neighbor to drive you is	auto shop.
when your car is in the repair shop, one kind of place you ask your neighbor to drive you is	home.
when your car is in the repair shop, one kind of place you ask your neighbor to drive you is	bus stop.
one would be the worst thing that you could be turned down for is	loan.
one would be the worst thing that you could be turned down for is	job/promotion.
one would be the worst thing that you could be turned down for is	date/prom.
one would be the worst thing that you could be turned down for is	credit card.
one would be the worst thing that you could be turned down for is	house/mortgage.
one would be the worst thing that you could be turned down for is	"nookie".
one holiday, other than christmas, makes the post office busy is	valentine's day.
one holiday, other than christmas, makes the post office busy is	mother's day.
one holiday, other than christmas, makes the post office busy is	easter.
one's the first thing one person does when they arrive in hawaii is	get welcomed.
one's the first thing one person does when they arrive in hawaii is	hit the beach.
one's the first thing one person does when they arrive in hawaii is	check in hotel.
one's the first thing one person does when they arrive in hawaii is	say aloha.
one's the first thing one person does when they arrive in hawaii is	get off plane.
one us president do you think has provided comedians with the best material is	bill clinton.
one us president do you think has provided comedians with the best material is	george w. bush.
one us president do you think has provided comedians with the best material is	ronald reagan.
one us president do you think has provided comedians with the best material is	richard nixon.
one us president do you think has provided comedians with the best material is	gerald ford.
one scary movie character would be the hardest to turn into a sexy halloween costume is	frankenstein.
one scary movie character would be the hardest to turn into a sexy halloween costume is	godzilla.
one scary movie character would be the hardest to turn into a sexy halloween costume is	king kong.
one scary movie character would be the hardest to turn into a sexy halloween costume is	dracula/vampire.
one scary movie character would be the hardest to turn into a sexy halloween costume is	jason.
one scary movie character would be the hardest to turn into a sexy halloween costume is	freddy krueger.
one's the first thing you want when you don't feel well is	sleep/bed rest.
one's the first thing you want when you don't feel well is	fluids.
one's the first thing you want when you don't feel well is	medicine.
one's the first thing you want when you don't feel well is	left alone/quiet.
one's the first thing you want when you don't feel well is	mom.
one's the first thing you want when you don't feel well is	soup.
as a house guest, one thing in the host's bathroom that you assume you can use is	toilet paper.
as a house guest, one thing in the host's bathroom that you assume you can use is	towels.
as a house guest, one thing in the host's bathroom that you assume you can use is	soap.
as a house guest, one thing in the host's bathroom that you assume you can use is	toothpaste.
as a house guest, one thing in the host's bathroom that you assume you can use is	shampoo.
as a house guest, one thing in the host's bathroom that you assume you can use is	lotion.
Q: at a party where you dont know anyone how might you pass the time? A:	drink.
Q: at a party where you dont know anyone how might you pass the time? A:	dance.
Q: at a party where you dont know anyone how might you pass the time? A:	eat.
Q: at a party where you dont know anyone how might you pass the time? A:	watchtv.
Q: at a party where you dont know anyone how might you pass the time? A:	introduce yourself.
Q: at a party where you dont know anyone how might you pass the time? A:	listen to music.
Q: according to men you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ ? A:	on the phone.
Q: according to men you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ ? A:	sleeping.
Q: according to men you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ ? A:	cleaning.
Q: according to men you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ ? A:	bathing.
Q: according to men you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ ? A:	using the bathroom.
Q: according to men you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ ? A:	reading.
Q: according to men you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ ? A:	driving.
at one place might a celebrity get special treatment is	restaurant.
at one place might a celebrity get special treatment is	hotel.
at one place might a celebrity get special treatment is	store.
at one place might a celebrity get special treatment is	club.
at one place might a celebrity get special treatment is	hospital.
at one place might a celebrity get special treatment is	rehab.
at one place might a celebrity get special treatment is	jail.
Q: a movie with the word "good" in its title? A:	goodfellas.
Q: a movie with the word "good" in its title? A:	good will hunting.
Q: a movie with the word "good" in its title? A:	the good...ugly.
Q: a movie with the word "good" in its title? A:	...morning, v'tnam.
Q: a movie with the word "good" in its title? A:	as good as...gets.
Q: a movie with the word "good" in its title? A:	a few good men.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	suvs.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	driving.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	steering.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	cars.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	motoring.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	trucks.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	vans.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	autos.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	automobiles.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	vehicles.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	field.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	football.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	matches.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	hockey.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	baseball.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	soccer.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	golf.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	athletics.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	basketball.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	games.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	track.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	competitions.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	sports.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	wealth.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	money.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	economy.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	riches.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	savings.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	coin.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	currency.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	cash.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	costs.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	finances.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	bills.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	food processor.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	appliances.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	stove.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	fridge.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	toaster.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	refrigerator.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	range.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	oven.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	kitchen appliances.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	dishwasher.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	blender.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	affairs.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	dating.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	romance.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	love.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	directions.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	navigation.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	bearing.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	guidance.
according to women one is something men think they know more about than they do is	destination.
besides chocolate chip, one popular cookie is	oreo.
besides chocolate chip, one popular cookie is	oatmeal.
besides chocolate chip, one popular cookie is	peanut butter.
besides chocolate chip, one popular cookie is	sugar.
besides chocolate chip, one popular cookie is	vanilla wafers.
besides numbersone button on a calculator is	plus.
besides numbersone button on a calculator is	equal.
besides numbersone button on a calculator is	multiply.
besides numbersone button on a calculator is	divide.
besides numbersone button on a calculator is	on/off.
besides numbersone button on a calculator is	percent.
besides numbersone button on a calculator is	minus.
besides a ring, one thing specific a girl might give back to her boyfriend when she dumps him is	pictures.
besides a ring, one thing specific a girl might give back to her boyfriend when she dumps him is	jacket.
besides a ring, one thing specific a girl might give back to her boyfriend when she dumps him is	jewelry.
besides a ring, one thing specific a girl might give back to her boyfriend when she dumps him is	books.
besides a ring, one thing specific a girl might give back to her boyfriend when she dumps him is	keys.
besides a ring, one thing specific a girl might give back to her boyfriend when she dumps him is	love letters.
besides a church, one place where people get married is	wedding chapel.
besides a church, one place where people get married is	park.
besdies cigarettes, one thing a tobacco store might sell is	cigars.
besdies cigarettes, one thing a tobacco store might sell is	lighter.
besides christmas, one holiday most people get off from work is	thanksgiving.
besides christmas, one holiday most people get off from work is	labor day.
besides a lion, one animal featured in the lion king is	hyena.
besides a lion, one animal featured in the lion king is	warthog.
besides a lion, one animal featured in the lion king is	baboon.
besides a lion, one animal featured in the lion king is	meerkat.
besides a lion, one animal featured in the lion king is	elephant.
besides hotdogs, one thing you would find on a hotdog vendor's cart is	soda.
besides hotdogs, one thing you would find on a hotdog vendor's cart is	condiments.
besides hotdogs, one thing you would find on a hotdog vendor's cart is	potato chips.
besides hotdogs, one thing you would find on a hotdog vendor's cart is	buns.
besides hotdogs, one thing you would find on a hotdog vendor's cart is	pretzels.
Q: besides a regular sunday, tell me an occassion when you might go to church? A:	wedding.
Q: besides a regular sunday, tell me an occassion when you might go to church? A:	christmas.
Q: besides a regular sunday, tell me an occassion when you might go to church? A:	easter.
Q: besides a regular sunday, tell me an occassion when you might go to church? A:	funeral.
besides the king,  one person you would probably have seen in a medievel castle is	queen.
besides the king,  one person you would probably have seen in a medievel castle is	knight.
besides archie,  another character from the archie comics is	jughead.
besides archie,  another character from the archie comics is	veronica.
besides archie,  another character from the archie comics is	sue.
besides archie,  another character from the archie comics is	edith.
besides archie,  another character from the archie comics is	fredie.
besides archie,  another character from the archie comics is	betty.
besides archie,  another character from the archie comics is	moose.
besides archie,  another character from the archie comics is	bom.
besides the bride and groom,  the most important person at a wedding is	clergy person.
besides the bride and groom,  the most important person at a wedding is	best man.
besides the bride and groom,  the most important person at a wedding is	maid of honor.
besides a car, one thing with wheels that's kept in a garage is	bike.
besides a car, one thing with wheels that's kept in a garage is	lawn mower.
besides a car, one thing with wheels that's kept in a garage is	motorcycle.
besides a car, one thing with wheels that's kept in a garage is	wheelbarrow.
besides a house, one thing people live in is	home.
besides a house, one thing people live in is	mobile home.
besides a house, one thing people live in is	apartment.
besides a house, one thing people live in is	car.
besides a fish, one thing you might find at the end of a fishing line is	hook.
besides a fish, one thing you might find at the end of a fishing line is	lure.
besides a fish, one thing you might find at the end of a fishing line is	shoes.
besides a fish, one thing you might find at the end of a fishing line is	worm.
besides a fish, one thing you might find at the end of a fishing line is	tire.
besides a fish, one thing you might find at the end of a fishing line is	weeds.
besides gifts, one thing you buy every christmas is	christmas tree.
besides gifts, one thing you buy every christmas is	food/sweets.
besides gifts, one thing you buy every christmas is	cards.
besides gifts, one thing you buy every christmas is	lights/ornaments.
besides gifts, one thing you buy every christmas is	gift wrap/boxes.
besides gifts, one thing you buy every christmas is	mistletoe/plants.
Q: besides chicken, tell me a type of bird that's good to eat? A:	turkey.
Q: besides chicken, tell me a type of bird that's good to eat? A:	duck.
Q: besides chicken, tell me a type of bird that's good to eat? A:	pheasant.
Q: besides chicken, tell me a type of bird that's good to eat? A:	cornish game hen.
Q: complete the phrase "state of"? A:	mind.
Q: complete the phrase "state of"? A:	the union.
Q: complete the phrase "state of"? A:	emergency.
Q: complete the phrase "state of"? A:	the art.
during a party, one part of your house where you wouldn't want to find guests hanging out is	master bedroom.
during a party, one part of your house where you wouldn't want to find guests hanging out is	bathroom.
during a party, one part of your house where you wouldn't want to find guests hanging out is	kitchen.
during a party, one part of your house where you wouldn't want to find guests hanging out is	office.
Q: do on christmas eve ( wording not exact )? A:	open gifts.
Q: do on christmas eve ( wording not exact )? A:	go to church.
everyone has a favorite song one thing else everyone has a favorite one of is	color.
everyone has a favorite song one thing else everyone has a favorite one of is	food/drink.
everyone has a favorite song one thing else everyone has a favorite one of is	movie.
everyone has a favorite song one thing else everyone has a favorite one of is	outfit/shoes.
everyone has a favorite song one thing else everyone has a favorite one of is	book.
for one items do people wait in long lines to purchase at the holidays is	toys.
for one items do people wait in long lines to purchase at the holidays is	electronics.
for one items do people wait in long lines to purchase at the holidays is	video games.
for one items do people wait in long lines to purchase at the holidays is	food.
for one items do people wait in long lines to purchase at the holidays is	clothes.
Q: give a word frankenstein would use to describe himself in a personal ad? A:	tall.
Q: give a word frankenstein would use to describe himself in a personal ad? A:	strong.
Q: give a word frankenstein would use to describe himself in a personal ad? A:	ugly.
Q: give a word frankenstein would use to describe himself in a personal ad? A:	big.
Q: give a word frankenstein would use to describe himself in a personal ad? A:	terrifying.
Q: give a word frankenstein would use to describe himself in a personal ad? A:	monstrous.
one word that might complete the phrase the black ____ is	hole.
one word that might complete the phrase the black ____ is	widow.
one word that might complete the phrase the black ____ is	cat.
one word that might complete the phrase the black ____ is	sheep.
one word that might complete the phrase the black ____ is	stallion.
one word that might complete the phrase the black ____ is	dahlia.
give me the  of a store that's in almost every mall in america is	starbucks.
give me the  of a store that's in almost every mall in america is	gap.
give me the  of a store that's in almost every mall in america is	wal-mart.
give me the  of a store that's in almost every mall in america is	macy's.
give me the  of a store that's in almost every mall in america is	mcdonald's.
give me the  of a store that's in almost every mall in america is	j.c. penney.
give me a male  from the bible that's very popular these days is	john.
give me a male  from the bible that's very popular these days is	jesus.
give me a male  from the bible that's very popular these days is	joseph.
give me a male  from the bible that's very popular these days is	moses.
give me a male  from the bible that's very popular these days is	david.
give me a male  from the bible that's very popular these days is	matthew.
one word that might complete the phrase "the three" is	three stooges.
one word that might complete the phrase "the three" is	three musketeers.
one word that might complete the phrase "the three" is	three little pigs.
one word that might complete the phrase "the three" is	three bears.
one word that might complete the phrase "the three" is	three blind mice.
one word that might complete the phrase "the three" is	three wise men.
one word you might hear on the golf course is	fore.
one word you might hear on the golf course is	par.
one word you might hear on the golf course is	birdie.
one word you might hear on the golf course is	putter.
one word you might hear on the golf course is	eagle.
one word you might hear on the golf course is	hole.
one word you might hear on the golf course is	iron.
one word you might hear on the golf course is	tee.
one slang term for money is	cash.
one slang term for money is	dough.
one slang term for money is	moolah.
one slang term for money is	dosh.
one slang term for money is	bucks.
one slang term for money is	bread.
one movie that was based on a book is	harry potter series.
one movie that was based on a book is	twilight saga.
one movie that was based on a book is	gone with the wind.
one movie that was based on a book is	the help.
one movie that was based on a book is	the hunger games.
one word or phrase that begins with "heart" is	heartache.
one word or phrase that begins with "heart" is	heartbreak.
one word or phrase that begins with "heart" is	heart attack.
one word or phrase that begins with "heart" is	heartfelt.
one word or phrase that begins with "heart" is	heart burn.
one word or phrase that begins with "heart" is	heartthrob.
Q: how many days does a cold last? A:	7.
Q: how many days does a cold last? A:	3.
Q: how many days does a cold last? A:	5.
Q: how many days does a cold last? A:	4.
Q: how many days does a cold last? A:	6.
Q: how many times does the average person let a phone ring before answering it numeric only? A:	2.
Q: how many times does the average person let a phone ring before answering it numeric only? A:	3.
Q: how many times does the average person let a phone ring before answering it numeric only? A:	5.
Q: how many times does the average person let a phone ring before answering it numeric only? A:	6.
Q: how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest? A:	30.
Q: how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest? A:	40.
Q: how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest? A:	50.
Q: how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest? A:	60.
Q: how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest? A:	80.
Q: how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest? A:	90.
Q: how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest? A:	100.
one way to tell that the person who shares your room is having trouble sleeping is	tossing and turning.
one way to tell that the person who shares your room is having trouble sleeping is	talking.
one way to tell that the person who shares your room is having trouble sleeping is	watching tv.
one way to tell that the person who shares your room is having trouble sleeping is	lights on.
Q: how many dates should you go on before kissing one person? A:	1.
Q: how many dates should you go on before kissing one person? A:	2.
Q: how many dates should you go on before kissing one person? A:	3.
Q: how many dates should you go on before kissing one person? A:	5.
one way to tell that somebody just got back from a camping trip is	dirty.
one way to tell that somebody just got back from a camping trip is	carrying gear.
one way to tell that somebody just got back from a camping trip is	tired.
one way to tell that somebody just got back from a camping trip is	bug bites.
one way to tell that somebody just got back from a camping trip is	tanned.
Q: how many hours of sleep does the average person need in order to wake up refreshed? A:	6.
Q: how many hours of sleep does the average person need in order to wake up refreshed? A:	7.
Q: how many hours of sleep does the average person need in order to wake up refreshed? A:	8.
Q: how many hours of sleep does the average person need in order to wake up refreshed? A:	9.
Q: how many hours of sleep does the average person need in order to wake up refreshed? A:	10.
Q: how many days are too many at the beach? A:	three.
Q: how many days are too many at the beach? A:	five.
Q: how many days are too many at the beach? A:	two.
Q: how many days are too many at the beach? A:	seven.
Q: how many days are too many at the beach? A:	four.
Q: how many days are too many at the beach? A:	one.
Q: how many days are too many at the beach? A:	ten.
Q: how many parties do you throw per year? A:	zero.
Q: how many parties do you throw per year? A:	two.
Q: how many parties do you throw per year? A:	three.
Q: how many parties do you throw per year? A:	one.
Q: how many parties do you throw per year? A:	four.
Q: how many parties do you throw per year? A:	five.
in a secret santa exchange,one "gifts" might you get from an office thief is	stapler.
in a secret santa exchange,one "gifts" might you get from an office thief is	pens.
in a secret santa exchange,one "gifts" might you get from an office thief is	money.
in a secret santa exchange,one "gifts" might you get from an office thief is	paper.
in a secret santa exchange,one "gifts" might you get from an office thief is	paper clips.
in a secret santa exchange,one "gifts" might you get from an office thief is	computer.
if your husband could get one quality from james bond one would you want it to be is	looks.
if your husband could get one quality from james bond one would you want it to be is	charm.
if your husband could get one quality from james bond one would you want it to be is	wealth.
if your husband could get one quality from james bond one would you want it to be is	sophistication.
if your husband could get one quality from james bond one would you want it to be is	british accent.
if your husband could get one quality from james bond one would you want it to be is	fashion sense.
if your husband could get one quality from james bond one would you want it to be is	intelligence.
in the movies one specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger is	train tracks.
in the movies one specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger is	tower.
in the movies one specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger is	castle.
in the movies one specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger is	a dark alley.
in the movies one specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger is	basement.
in the movies one specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger is	car.
in the movies one specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger is	elevator.
if you loan a car to a friend one thing you hope they dont do is	wreck it.
if you loan a car to a friend one thing you hope they dont do is	make a mess.
if you loan a car to a friend one thing you hope they dont do is	smoke in it.
if you loan a car to a friend one thing you hope they dont do is	use up the gas.
if you could choose, one would be an ideal place to meet your future mate is	place of worship.
if you could choose, one would be an ideal place to meet your future mate is	shopping center.
if you could choose, one would be an ideal place to meet your future mate is	park.
if you could choose, one would be an ideal place to meet your future mate is	work.
if you could choose, one would be an ideal place to meet your future mate is	party.
if you could have just one chore that one person else would always do for you, one would it be (more specific than "clean") is	wash dishes.
if you could have just one chore that one person else would always do for you, one would it be (more specific than "clean") is	laundry.
if you could have just one chore that one person else would always do for you, one would it be (more specific than "clean") is	clean toilet.
if you could have just one chore that one person else would always do for you, one would it be (more specific than "clean") is	cooking.
if you were a celebrity for a day,one place or event you'd try to get into is	awards show.
if you were a celebrity for a day,one place or event you'd try to get into is	the white house.
if you were a celebrity for a day,one place or event you'd try to get into is	vip nightclub.
if you were a celebrity for a day,one place or event you'd try to get into is	concert/backstage.
if you were a celebrity for a day,one place or event you'd try to get into is	celebrity party.
if you were designing an airport, one thing you'd make sure there was a lot of is	bathrooms.
if you were designing an airport, one thing you'd make sure there was a lot of is	runways.
if you were designing an airport, one thing you'd make sure there was a lot of is	chairs.
if you were designing an airport, one thing you'd make sure there was a lot of is	computers.
if you were designing an airport, one thing you'd make sure there was a lot of is	smoking areas.
if a health-nut ordered a sandwich, one ingredient might they leave off is	mayo.
if a health-nut ordered a sandwich, one ingredient might they leave off is	cheese.
if a health-nut ordered a sandwich, one ingredient might they leave off is	meat.
if a health-nut ordered a sandwich, one ingredient might they leave off is	butter.
Q: if you can't find your eye glasses, where should you look? A:	on your head.
Q: if you can't find your eye glasses, where should you look? A:	table/night stand.
Q: if you can't find your eye glasses, where should you look? A:	in the car.
Q: if you can't find your eye glasses, where should you look? A:	purse.
if one person is talking too much, one might you offer them in the hope of keeping them quiet is	food.
if one person is talking too much, one might you offer them in the hope of keeping them quiet is	gum.
if one person is talking too much, one might you offer them in the hope of keeping them quiet is	money.
if one person is talking too much, one might you offer them in the hope of keeping them quiet is	drink.
if one person is talking too much, one might you offer them in the hope of keeping them quiet is	reading material.
if you were turned into a bird, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	fly.
if you were turned into a bird, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	build a nest.
if you were turned into a bird, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	eat worms.
if you were turned into a bird, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	sing.
if you were turned into a bird, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	avoid cats.
if dog owners demanded fido get a job, one job might he be good at is	guarding/security.
if dog owners demanded fido get a job, one job might he be good at is	digging holes.
if dog owners demanded fido get a job, one job might he be good at is	track people/police.
if dog owners demanded fido get a job, one job might he be good at is	deliver papers.
Q: its said there is a seven year itch after how many years do you think the itch really comes? A:	1.
Q: its said there is a seven year itch after how many years do you think the itch really comes? A:	2.
Q: its said there is a seven year itch after how many years do you think the itch really comes? A:	3.
Q: its said there is a seven year itch after how many years do you think the itch really comes? A:	5.
Q: its said there is a seven year itch after how many years do you think the itch really comes? A:	7.
Q: its said there is a seven year itch after how many years do you think the itch really comes? A:	10.
if a restaurant had the same rules as your kitchen,one would customers need to do for themselves is	cook.
if a restaurant had the same rules as your kitchen,one would customers need to do for themselves is	wash dishes.
if a restaurant had the same rules as your kitchen,one would customers need to do for themselves is	clear table.
if a restaurant had the same rules as your kitchen,one would customers need to do for themselves is	serve.
Q: in an 8 hour work day, how many hours does the average person spend working? A:	6.
Q: in an 8 hour work day, how many hours does the average person spend working? A:	7.
Q: in an 8 hour work day, how many hours does the average person spend working? A:	5.
Q: in an 8 hour work day, how many hours does the average person spend working? A:	4.
if you drew homer simpson's  in a secret santa exchange, what would you buy him is	beer.
if you drew homer simpson's  in a secret santa exchange, what would you buy him is	donuts.
if you drew homer simpson's  in a secret santa exchange, what would you buy him is	bowling ball.
if you lived in soap opera land one thing that would happen a lot more often is	drama/ fights.
if you lived in soap opera land one thing that would happen a lot more often is	suspicious deaths.
if you lived in soap opera land one thing that would happen a lot more often is	love affairs.
if you lived in soap opera land one thing that would happen a lot more often is	romance/ weddings.
if you lived in soap opera land one thing that would happen a lot more often is	break ups/ divorce.
if you live in the country one type of lights that you dont see at night is	street lights.
if you live in the country one type of lights that you dont see at night is	traffic.
if you live in the country one type of lights that you dont see at night is	neon light.
in order to solve a crime, one does an investigator need to find is	prints.
in order to solve a crime, one does an investigator need to find is	weapon.
in order to solve a crime, one does an investigator need to find is	dna.
in order to solve a crime, one does an investigator need to find is	suspect.
in order to solve a crime, one does an investigator need to find is	blood.
if a movie was really terrible, one thing you might do in the theater to pass the time is	sleep.
if a movie was really terrible, one thing you might do in the theater to pass the time is	play on phone.
if a movie was really terrible, one thing you might do in the theater to pass the time is	visit snackbar.
if a movie was really terrible, one thing you might do in the theater to pass the time is	whisper.
if a movie was really terrible, one thing you might do in the theater to pass the time is	kiss.
if a movie was really terrible, one thing you might do in the theater to pass the time is	read.
if you were able to see the future, one way that you'd be able to make a lot of money is	lottery numbers.
if you were able to see the future, one way that you'd be able to make a lot of money is	betting/horse races.
if you were able to see the future, one way that you'd be able to make a lot of money is	investment.
if you were able to see the future, one way that you'd be able to make a lot of money is	invention.
if there were prizes for good boyfriends, one categories would they be rated on is	appearance.
if there were prizes for good boyfriends, one categories would they be rated on is	kissing ability.
if there were prizes for good boyfriends, one categories would they be rated on is	romance.
if there were prizes for good boyfriends, one categories would they be rated on is	kind personality.
if there were prizes for good boyfriends, one categories would they be rated on is	communication.
if there were prizes for good boyfriends, one categories would they be rated on is	honesty.
if santa claus had to enter the witness protection program, one thing he might do to disguise his appearance is	shave.
if santa claus had to enter the witness protection program, one thing he might do to disguise his appearance is	lose weight.
if santa claus had to enter the witness protection program, one thing he might do to disguise his appearance is	dye his hair.
if santa claus had to enter the witness protection program, one thing he might do to disguise his appearance is	change clothes.
in order to seem like a "regular guy," one place where a politician might hang out is	bar.
in order to seem like a "regular guy," one place where a politician might hang out is	bowling alley.
in order to seem like a "regular guy," one place where a politician might hang out is	diner.
in order to seem like a "regular guy," one place where a politician might hang out is	rock concert.
in order to seem like a "regular guy," one place where a politician might hang out is	pool hall.
if mcdonald's had a happy meal for adults, one would the prize be is	free food.
if mcdonald's had a happy meal for adults, one would the prize be is	money.
if mcdonald's had a happy meal for adults, one would the prize be is	movie.
if mcdonald's had a happy meal for adults, one would the prize be is	pen.
if mcdonald's had a happy meal for adults, one would the prize be is	phonecard.
if mcdonald's had a happy meal for adults, one would the prize be is	antacid.
if you lost your job, one thing you'd stop spending money on is	clothes.
if you lost your job, one thing you'd stop spending money on is	eating out.
if you lost your job, one thing you'd stop spending money on is	television.
if you lost your job, one thing you'd stop spending money on is	gasonline.
if you lost your job, one thing you'd stop spending money on is	movies.
Q: if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling? A:	the lord.
Q: if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling? A:	my kids.
Q: if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling? A:	my mother.
Q: if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling? A:	my sibling.
Q: if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling? A:	my spouse.
Q: if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling? A:	my boss.
Q: if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling? A:	the doctor.
if you were wearing a swimsuit, one place you might not be allowed into is	restaurant.
if you were wearing a swimsuit, one place you might not be allowed into is	church.
if you were wearing a swimsuit, one place you might not be allowed into is	mall.
if you were wearing a swimsuit, one place you might not be allowed into is	bar.
if you were wearing a swimsuit, one place you might not be allowed into is	school.
if you could pick one you dreamt about one would all of your dreams have a lot of is	passion/love.
if you could pick one you dreamt about one would all of your dreams have a lot of is	money.
if you could pick one you dreamt about one would all of your dreams have a lot of is	fun/laughter.
if animals talked  one that would probably have a really high voice" is	cat.
if animals talked  one that would probably have a really high voice" is	hyena.
if animals talked  one that would probably have a really high voice" is	bird.
if animals talked  one that would probably have a really high voice" is	monkey/ape.
if animals talked  one that would probably have a really high voice" is	giraffe.
if you're making love outside, one animal that might try to get in on the action is	dog.
if you're making love outside, one animal that might try to get in on the action is	squirrel.
if you're making love outside, one animal that might try to get in on the action is	bear.
if you're making love outside, one animal that might try to get in on the action is	cat.
if you're making love outside, one animal that might try to get in on the action is	horse.
if you're making love outside, one animal that might try to get in on the action is	snake.
if you're making love outside, one animal that might try to get in on the action is	raccoon.
if you're making love outside, one animal that might try to get in on the action is	ant/fire ant.
if you were called to take part in an amateur contest, one thing you might do is	sing/rap.
if you were called to take part in an amateur contest, one thing you might do is	dance.
if you were called to take part in an amateur contest, one thing you might do is	tell jokes.
if you were called to take part in an amateur contest, one thing you might do is	play instrument.
if you were called to take part in an amateur contest, one thing you might do is	juggle.
if you were called to take part in an amateur contest, one thing you might do is	read/poetry.
if a coal miner lived in a mine, one thing he would have to get used to doing in the dark is	eating.
if a coal miner lived in a mine, one thing he would have to get used to doing in the dark is	dressing.
if a coal miner lived in a mine, one thing he would have to get used to doing in the dark is	cooking.
if a coal miner lived in a mine, one thing he would have to get used to doing in the dark is	reading.
if a coal miner lived in a mine, one thing he would have to get used to doing in the dark is	bathing.
if a coal miner lived in a mine, one thing he would have to get used to doing in the dark is	washroom.
if a coal miner lived in a mine, one thing he would have to get used to doing in the dark is	bathroom.
if barbie aged like the rest of us one way that she'd look different now is	wrinkles.
if barbie aged like the rest of us one way that she'd look different now is	heavier.
if barbie aged like the rest of us one way that she'd look different now is	gray hair.
if barbie aged like the rest of us one way that she'd look different now is	sagging chest.
if a grown man sat on santa's knee, one thing he might tell him he wanted for christmas is	car.
if a grown man sat on santa's knee, one thing he might tell him he wanted for christmas is	wife.
if a grown man sat on santa's knee, one thing he might tell him he wanted for christmas is	tools.
if a grown man sat on santa's knee, one thing he might tell him he wanted for christmas is	teeth.
if a grown man sat on santa's knee, one thing he might tell him he wanted for christmas is	television.
if a grown man sat on santa's knee, one thing he might tell him he wanted for christmas is	money.
in art class, one thing a kid might use cotton balls to make is	snowman.
in art class, one thing a kid might use cotton balls to make is	clouds.
in art class, one thing a kid might use cotton balls to make is	rabbit.
in art class, one thing a kid might use cotton balls to make is	sheep.
in art class, one thing a kid might use cotton balls to make is	santa's beard.
if you could be fearless for one day  the first thing you'd do is	sky dive.
if you could be fearless for one day  the first thing you'd do is	fly a plane.
if you could be fearless for one day  the first thing you'd do is	bungee jump.
if you could be fearless for one day  the first thing you'd do is	drive racecar.
if women are born to shop, one are men born to do is	work/make money.
if women are born to shop, one are men born to do is	watch tv/sports.
if women are born to shop, one are men born to do is	drink/eat.
if women are born to shop, one are men born to do is	shop/spend money.
if women are born to shop, one are men born to do is	sleep/lounge.
if women are born to shop, one are men born to do is	flirt/cheat.
in one us city do you find the greatest number of brilliant scientists is	new york.
in one us city do you find the greatest number of brilliant scientists is	washington dc.
in one us city do you find the greatest number of brilliant scientists is	boston.
in one us city do you find the greatest number of brilliant scientists is	los angeles.
in one us city do you find the greatest number of brilliant scientists is	berkeley.
in one us city do you find the greatest number of brilliant scientists is	seattle.
if you were the host of "family feud", one thing you'd probably have to say a lot is	survey says.
if you were the host of "family feud", one thing you'd probably have to say a lot is	good answer.
if you were the host of "family feud", one thing you'd probably have to say a lot is	name something.
if you were the host of "family feud", one thing you'd probably have to say a lot is	#1 answer.
if you were the host of "family feud", one thing you'd probably have to say a lot is	strike.
if you were the host of "family feud", one thing you'd probably have to say a lot is	let's play feud.
if you were the host of "family feud", one thing you'd probably have to say a lot is	show me.
if you wanted to simplify your life, one thing you'd give up is	work.
if you wanted to simplify your life, one thing you'd give up is	telephone.
if you wanted to simplify your life, one thing you'd give up is	tv.
if you wanted to simplify your life, one thing you'd give up is	bills.
if you wanted to simplify your life, one thing you'd give up is	eating.
if you got mad like the incredible hulk one part of your day would turn you into a monster is	shopping/lines.
if you got mad like the incredible hulk one part of your day would turn you into a monster is	work.
if you got mad like the incredible hulk one part of your day would turn you into a monster is	driving.
if you got mad like the incredible hulk one part of your day would turn you into a monster is	cleaning.
if you got mad like the incredible hulk one part of your day would turn you into a monster is	paying bills.
if batman got put in jail,  the last person he woud call to bail him out is	joker.
if batman got put in jail,  the last person he woud call to bail him out is	penguin.
if batman got put in jail,  the last person he woud call to bail him out is	catwoman.
if batman got put in jail,  the last person he woud call to bail him out is	riddler.
if you woke up from a 20 year sleep,  the first thing you might do is	eat.
if you woke up from a 20 year sleep,  the first thing you might do is	go to bathroom.
if you woke up from a 20 year sleep,  the first thing you might do is	take shower.
if you woke up from a 20 year sleep,  the first thing you might do is	watch tv.
if you woke up from a 20 year sleep,  the first thing you might do is	date.
if you woke up from a 20 year sleep,  the first thing you might do is	find family.
if you needed to borrow one million dollars,  one person famous who you think might give it to you is	oprah winfrey.
if you needed to borrow one million dollars,  one person famous who you think might give it to you is	bill gates.
if you needed to borrow one million dollars,  one person famous who you think might give it to you is	donald trump.
if you needed to borrow one million dollars,  one person famous who you think might give it to you is	angelina jolie.
if you needed to borrow one million dollars,  one person famous who you think might give it to you is	brad pitt.
if you needed to borrow one million dollars,  one person famous who you think might give it to you is	barack obama.
(married guys) the good news is your wife's an animal in bed the bad news is the animal's a one is	dog.
(married guys) the good news is your wife's an animal in bed the bad news is the animal's a one is	pig.
(married guys) the good news is your wife's an animal in bed the bad news is the animal's a one is	(feral) cat.
(married guys) the good news is your wife's an animal in bed the bad news is the animal's a one is	dead/fish.
(married guys) the good news is your wife's an animal in bed the bad news is the animal's a one is	cheetah.
(married guys) the good news is your wife's an animal in bed the bad news is the animal's a one is	gorilla.
(married guys) the good news is your wife's an animal in bed the bad news is the animal's a one is	tiger.
(married guys) the good news is your wife's an animal in bed the bad news is the animal's a one is	cow.
(married guys) the good news is your wife's an animal in bed the bad news is the animal's a one is	hippo.
(married guys) the good news is your wife's an animal in bed the bad news is the animal's a one is	lion.
(married guys) the good news is your wife's an animal in bed the bad news is the animal's a one is	cougar.
(married guys) the good news is your wife's an animal in bed the bad news is the animal's a one is	porcupine.
one weather condition that is 4 letters long is	snow.
one weather condition that is 4 letters long is	rain.
one weather condition that is 4 letters long is	cold.
one weather condition that is 4 letters long is	wind.
one weather condition that is 4 letters long is	hail.
one type of tv show a man might be embarrassed to say he watches a lot of is	soap opera.
one type of tv show a man might be embarrassed to say he watches a lot of is	cartoons.
one type of tv show a man might be embarrassed to say he watches a lot of is	talk show.
one type of tv show a man might be embarrassed to say he watches a lot of is	game show.
one type of tv show a man might be embarrassed to say he watches a lot of is	wrestling.
one way people choose the lottery numbers they play is	birthdates.
one way people choose the lottery numbers they play is	quick pick.
one way people choose the lottery numbers they play is	social security.
one way people choose the lottery numbers they play is	random.
one way people choose the lottery numbers they play is	dreams.
one animal that a person with large teeth resemble is	beaver.
one animal that a person with large teeth resemble is	horse.
one animal that a person with large teeth resemble is	rabbit.
one animal that a person with large teeth resemble is	tiger/lion.
one animal that a person with large teeth resemble is	donkey.
one thing people catch is	illness.
one thing people catch is	fish.
one thing people catch is	balls.
one thing people catch is	bouquet.
the softest thing in a baby's room is	blanket.
the softest thing in a baby's room is	stuffed animal.
the softest thing in a baby's room is	pillow.
the softest thing in a baby's room is	baby's skin.
one thing kids often ask for before bed that their parents refuse is	drink.
one thing kids often ask for before bed that their parents refuse is	snack.
one thing kids often ask for before bed that their parents refuse is	another story.
one thing kids often ask for before bed that their parents refuse is	tv/ movies.
one thing a resourceful person might use to hang a picture if they didnt have a nail is	tape.
one thing a resourceful person might use to hang a picture if they didnt have a nail is	tack.
one thing a resourceful person might use to hang a picture if they didnt have a nail is	glue.
one thing a resourceful person might use to hang a picture if they didnt have a nail is	gum.
one thing a resourceful person might use to hang a picture if they didnt have a nail is	string.
one thing a resourceful person might use to hang a picture if they didnt have a nail is	hanger.
one thing people get trapped in is	relationship.
one thing people get trapped in is	elevator.
one thing people get trapped in is	lies.
one thing people get trapped in is	car.
one thing people get trapped in is	debt.
one thing people get trapped in is	traffic.
one thing people get trapped in is	cave.
one thing you might bite, but wouldn't eat is	fingernail/finger.
one thing you might bite, but wouldn't eat is	tongue/lip.
one thing you might bite, but wouldn't eat is	partner's neck.
one thing you might bite, but wouldn't eat is	pen/pencil.
one thing you might bite, but wouldn't eat is	plastic/wrapper.
one thing you might bite, but wouldn't eat is	glasses.
one fact that most residents don't know about their own state is	population.
one fact that most residents don't know about their own state is	state flower.
one fact that most residents don't know about their own state is	state bird.
one fact that most residents don't know about their own state is	size.
one store or type of store that sells expensive merchandise is	jewelry store.
one store or type of store that sells expensive merchandise is	macys.
one store or type of store that sells expensive merchandise is	neman marcus.
one store or type of store that sells expensive merchandise is	bloomingdales.
one store or type of store that sells expensive merchandise is	department store.
one store or type of store that sells expensive merchandise is	lord & taylor.
one appliance you have only one of is	toaster.
one appliance you have only one of is	stove.
one appliance you have only one of is	microwave.
one appliance you have only one of is	refrigerator.
one appliance you have only one of is	dishwasher.
one thing shampoo commercials claim their shampoo does for hair is	adds shine.
one thing shampoo commercials claim their shampoo does for hair is	cleans it.
one thing shampoo commercials claim their shampoo does for hair is	makes it grow faster.
one thing shampoo commercials claim their shampoo does for hair is	increases volume.
one thing shampoo commercials claim their shampoo does for hair is	smooths/softens it.
one thing shampoo commercials claim their shampoo does for hair is	makes it healthier.
one decision that people dont make lightly is	marriage.
one decision that people dont make lightly is	divorce.
one decision that people dont make lightly is	buying a house.
one decision that people dont make lightly is	having kids.
one decision that people dont make lightly is	accepting a job.
one thing you need to eat before it melts is	ice cream.
one thing you need to eat before it melts is	chocolate.
one thing you need to eat before it melts is	popsicle.
one thing that gets delivered by trucks is	package.
one thing that gets delivered by trucks is	mail.
one thing that gets delivered by trucks is	furniture.
one thing that gets delivered by trucks is	cars.
one thing that gets delivered by trucks is	appliances.
one thing that gets delivered by trucks is	milk.
one thing that gets delivered by trucks is	food.
one person specific who you wouldnt want viewing your facebook page is	parent.
one person specific who you wouldnt want viewing your facebook page is	boss.
one person specific who you wouldnt want viewing your facebook page is	ex.
one person specific who you wouldnt want viewing your facebook page is	partner.
one person specific who you wouldnt want viewing your facebook page is	kids.
one profession that one person may lie about having just to impress a guy or girl is	doctor.
one profession that one person may lie about having just to impress a guy or girl is	lawyer.
one profession that one person may lie about having just to impress a guy or girl is	actor.
one profession that one person may lie about having just to impress a guy or girl is	police officer.
one subject in school that would have helped santa do his job is	math.
one subject in school that would have helped santa do his job is	geography.
one subject in school that would have helped santa do his job is	wood shop.
one subject in school that would have helped santa do his job is	reading/spelling.
one thing that is smaller in europe than in the us is	cars.
one thing that is smaller in europe than in the us is	waistlines.
one thing that is smaller in europe than in the us is	countries.
one thing that is smaller in europe than in the us is	house size.
one food that usually comes with a particular sauce is	pasta.
one food that usually comes with a particular sauce is	pizza.
one food that usually comes with a particular sauce is	chicken strips.
one food that usually comes with a particular sauce is	shrimp.
one food that usually comes with a particular sauce is	steak.
one food that usually comes with a particular sauce is	fish.
one food that usually comes with a particular sauce is	french fries.
one good material for a winter coat is	wool.
one good material for a winter coat is	fleece.
one animal with a terrifying bite is	snake.
one animal with a terrifying bite is	dog.
one animal with a terrifying bite is	shark.
one animal with a terrifying bite is	lion.
one animal with a terrifying bite is	tiger.
one animal with a terrifying bite is	alligator.
one animal with a terrifying bite is	bear.
one thing you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview is	smile.
one thing you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview is	talk/answer questions.
one thing you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview is	say thank you.
one thing you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview is	introduce yourself.
one thing you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview is	bring resume.
one thing you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview is	shake hands.
one thing you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview is	ask about salary.
one thing secretaries might be embarrassed to say they don't know how to do is	type.
one thing secretaries might be embarrassed to say they don't know how to do is	use a computer.
one thing secretaries might be embarrassed to say they don't know how to do is	take shorthand.
one thing secretaries might be embarrassed to say they don't know how to do is	make copies.
one thing secretaries might be embarrassed to say they don't know how to do is	make coffee.
one thing secretaries might be embarrassed to say they don't know how to do is	file.
one job where employees must get tired arms is	construction.
one job where employees must get tired arms is	movers.
one job where employees must get tired arms is	parcle delivery.
one job where employees must get tired arms is	hair dresser.
one job where employees must get tired arms is	traffic cop.
one job where employees must get tired arms is	food server.
one thing about her infant son that a new mother talks about often is	sleep schedule.
one thing about her infant son that a new mother talks about often is	crying.
one thing about her infant son that a new mother talks about often is	how cute.
one thing about her infant son that a new mother talks about often is	feeding.
one thing about her infant son that a new mother talks about often is	changing diapers.
one thing about her infant son that a new mother talks about often is	weight.
one thing ugly that can grow on your feet is	corn.
one thing ugly that can grow on your feet is	athletes foot.
one thing ugly that can grow on your feet is	wart.
one thing ugly that can grow on your feet is	bunion.
one thing ugly that can grow on your feet is	ingrown toenail.
one thing that you would find washed up on a beach is	shells.
one thing that you would find washed up on a beach is	whale.
one thing that you would find washed up on a beach is	message in a bottle.
one thing that you would find washed up on a beach is	seaweed.
one thing that you would find washed up on a beach is	trash.
one thing people do to their body that other people think is crazy is	pierce.
one thing people do to their body that other people think is crazy is	tatoo.
one thing people do to their body that other people think is crazy is	tan.
one thing people do to their body that other people think is crazy is	shave their head.
one thing about a person that might be described as funky is	hair.
one thing about a person that might be described as funky is	smell.
one thing about a person that might be described as funky is	clothes.
one thing about a person that might be described as funky is	dancing.
one reason a mailman might have a bad day on his route is	dogs.
one reason a mailman might have a bad day on his route is	rain.
one reason a mailman might have a bad day on his route is	heat.
one reason a mailman might have a bad day on his route is	bad weather.
one reason a mailman might have a bad day on his route is	too much mail.
one term for one person who isn't very generous is	stingy.
one term for one person who isn't very generous is	tightwad.
one term for one person who isn't very generous is	cheap.
one term for one person who isn't very generous is	greedy.
one thing on everyone's driver's license is	birth date.
one thing on everyone's driver's license is	name.
one reason why a kid might not trickortreat is	scared.
one reason why a kid might not trickortreat is	sick.
one reason why a kid might not trickortreat is	too old/young.
one reason why a kid might not trickortreat is	no costume.
one reason why a kid might not trickortreat is	bad weather.
one public place where you undress is	dressing room/store.
one public place where you undress is	beach/pool.
one public place where you undress is	restroom.
one public place where you undress is	locker room.
one public place where you undress is	doctor's office.
one thing you might have to wait for a while on an airplane is	food.
one thing you might have to wait for a while on an airplane is	drink.
one thing you might have to wait for a while on an airplane is	bathroom.
one thing you might have to wait for a while on an airplane is	take off.
one thing you might have to wait for a while on an airplane is	landing.
one thing you might have to wait for a while on an airplane is	late passenger.
one drink people put ice in is	tea.
one drink people put ice in is	soda.
one drink people put ice in is	alcohol.
one drink people put ice in is	water.
one drink people put ice in is	juice.
the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories is	stephen king.
the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories is	edgar allan poe.
the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories is	hp lovecraft.
the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories is	r.l.stine.
the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories is	anne rice.
the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories is	dean koontz.
the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories is	poppy z brite.
the job you wouldn't want to have if you worked at the circus is	janitor.
the job you wouldn't want to have if you worked at the circus is	clown.
the job you wouldn't want to have if you worked at the circus is	lion tamer.
the job you wouldn't want to have if you worked at the circus is	human cannon ball.
the job you wouldn't want to have if you worked at the circus is	tight rope walker.
the job you wouldn't want to have if you worked at the circus is	elephant trainer.
one thing that's "as american as apple pie" is	baseball.
one thing that's "as american as apple pie" is	flag.
one thing that's "as american as apple pie" is	hamburger.
one thing that's "as american as apple pie" is	chevrolet.
one thing that's "as american as apple pie" is	jeans.
one department store where people shop during the holidays is	wal-mart.
one department store where people shop during the holidays is	macys.
one thing you'd see at a dog show, but not at a beauty pageant is	dogs.
one thing you'd see at a dog show, but not at a beauty pageant is	leash.
one thing you'd see at a dog show, but not at a beauty pageant is	poop.
one thing you'd see at a dog show, but not at a beauty pageant is	collar/tag.
one thing you'd see at a dog show, but not at a beauty pageant is	trainers.
one reason you might dread going to a new years party at a club is	crowded.
one reason you might dread going to a new years party at a club is	no date.
one reason you might dread going to a new years party at a club is	don't drink.
one thing a man might do if he nicks himself while shaving is	put toilet paper on it.
one thing a man might do if he nicks himself while shaving is	curse.
one thing a man might do if he nicks himself while shaving is	put bandaid on it.
one thing a man might do if he nicks himself while shaving is	says ouch.
one thing a man might do if he nicks himself while shaving is	let it bleed.
one thing a man might do if he nicks himself while shaving is	put alcohol on it.
one legendary creature that would be a huge hit if featured at the zoo is	big foot.
one legendary creature that would be a huge hit if featured at the zoo is	king kong.
one legendary creature that would be a huge hit if featured at the zoo is	godzilla.
one legendary creature that would be a huge hit if featured at the zoo is	dragon.
one legendary creature that would be a huge hit if featured at the zoo is	unicorn.
one legendary creature that would be a huge hit if featured at the zoo is	loch ness monster.
one thing that people are bound to do in las vegas is	gamble.
one thing that people are bound to do in las vegas is	drink.
one thing that people are bound to do in las vegas is	get married.
one thing that people are bound to do in las vegas is	see a show.
one thing that people are bound to do in las vegas is	shop.
one thing that people are bound to do in las vegas is	eat too much.
one type of hat that you dont see many people wear in real life is	top hat.
one type of hat that you dont see many people wear in real life is	cowboy hat.
one type of hat that you dont see many people wear in real life is	fedora.
one type of hat that you dont see many people wear in real life is	straw hat.
one type of hat that you dont see many people wear in real life is	beret.
one thing you can do in a van that you can't do in a sports car is	lay down.
one thing you can do in a van that you can't do in a sports car is	make love.
one thing you can do in a van that you can't do in a sports car is	stand up.
one thing you can do in a van that you can't do in a sports car is	fit more people.
one thing you can do in a van that you can't do in a sports car is	haul stuff.
one thing you can do in a van that you can't do in a sports car is	watch tv.
one feature tv sets have today that they didn't have 50 years ago is	remote control.
one feature tv sets have today that they didn't have 50 years ago is	color.
one feature tv sets have today that they didn't have 50 years ago is	video player.
one feature tv sets have today that they didn't have 50 years ago is	video jacks.
one feature tv sets have today that they didn't have 50 years ago is	cable.
one thing red in the pizza parlor of a mafia movie is	blood.
one thing red in the pizza parlor of a mafia movie is	tomato sauce.
one thing red in the pizza parlor of a mafia movie is	pizza.
one thing red in the pizza parlor of a mafia movie is	table cloth.
one thing red in the pizza parlor of a mafia movie is	pepperoni.
one thing red in the pizza parlor of a mafia movie is	wine.
one thing that some people plan for months, and others do spur of the moment is	get married.
one thing that some people plan for months, and others do spur of the moment is	go on vacation.
one thing that some people plan for months, and others do spur of the moment is	have a baby.
one thing that some people plan for months, and others do spur of the moment is	party.
one thing youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet is	jeans.
one thing youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet is	bikini.
one thing youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet is	birthday suit.
one thing youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet is	shorts.
one thing youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet is	underwear.
one thing youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet is	sweats.
one thing youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet is	sneakers.
one thing you might do after a bad restaurant experience is	complain.
one thing you might do after a bad restaurant experience is	get sick.
one thing you might do after a bad restaurant experience is	never return.
one thing you might do after a bad restaurant experience is	bad tip.
one thing you might do after a bad restaurant experience is	tell friends.
one thing you might do after a bad restaurant experience is	bad review.
one thing a king would hate to be without is	queen.
one thing a king would hate to be without is	crown.
one thing a king would hate to be without is	his kingdom.
one thing a king would hate to be without is	throne.
one thing a king would hate to be without is	servents.
one thing a king would hate to be without is	fool.
one thing a king would hate to be without is	subjects.
one famous doctor real or imaginary living or dead you would not want to operate on you is	kevorkian.
one famous doctor real or imaginary living or dead you would not want to operate on you is	jekyll.
one famous doctor real or imaginary living or dead you would not want to operate on you is	suess.
one famous doctor real or imaginary living or dead you would not want to operate on you is	dolittle.
one famous doctor real or imaginary living or dead you would not want to operate on you is	spock.
one famous doctor real or imaginary living or dead you would not want to operate on you is	dre.
one relative you'd rather not see during the holiday is	mother in law.
one relative you'd rather not see during the holiday is	aunt.
one relative you'd rather not see during the holiday is	cousin.
one relative you'd rather not see during the holiday is	mom.
one relative you'd rather not see during the holiday is	ex spouse.
one relative you'd rather not see during the holiday is	uncle.
one thing a parent might put a lock or gate on once their baby learns to walk is	stairs.
one thing a parent might put a lock or gate on once their baby learns to walk is	door.
one thing a parent might put a lock or gate on once their baby learns to walk is	swimming pool.
one thing a parent might put a lock or gate on once their baby learns to walk is	cabinets.
one thing a parent might put a lock or gate on once their baby learns to walk is	crib.
one thing a gardener might use on the job is	lawn mower.
one thing a gardener might use on the job is	hoe.
one thing a gardener might use on the job is	shovel.
one thing a gardener might use on the job is	hose.
one thing a gardener might use on the job is	rake.
one thing a gardener might use on the job is	edger.
one thing warm served at an allyoucan eat buffet is	soup.
one thing warm served at an allyoucan eat buffet is	meat.
one thing warm served at an allyoucan eat buffet is	bread.
one thing warm served at an allyoucan eat buffet is	pizza.
one thing warm served at an allyoucan eat buffet is	pasta.
one thing warm served at an allyoucan eat buffet is	coffee/tea.
one thing that may be found washed up on the beach is	sea shells.
one thing that may be found washed up on the beach is	seaweed.
one thing that may be found washed up on the beach is	bottle.
one thing that may be found washed up on the beach is	whale.
one thing that may be found washed up on the beach is	garbage.
one thing that may be found washed up on the beach is	shoes.
one cliche people say about beauty is	only skin deep.
one cliche people say about beauty is	in eye of beholder.
one cliche people say about beauty is	it fades.
one cliche people say about beauty is	it's on the inside.
one cliche people say about beauty is	all beauty no brains.
one cliche people say about beauty is	gets you further.
one thing a man might do in the beginning of a relationship that he wont do after about a year is	buy flowers.
one thing a man might do in the beginning of a relationship that he wont do after about a year is	open doors.
one thing a man might do in the beginning of a relationship that he wont do after about a year is	kiss.
one thing a man might do in the beginning of a relationship that he wont do after about a year is	hold hands.
one thing a man might do in the beginning of a relationship that he wont do after about a year is	be nice.
one kind of ticket people wait in line to buy is	concert.
one kind of ticket people wait in line to buy is	movie.
one kind of ticket people wait in line to buy is	amusement park.
one kind of ticket people wait in line to buy is	sports.
one kind of ticket people wait in line to buy is	theatre.
one thing you wish for while waiting for the doctor in an exam room is	short wait.
one thing you wish for while waiting for the doctor in an exam room is	good news.
one thing you wish for while waiting for the doctor in an exam room is	tv.
one thing you wish for while waiting for the doctor in an exam room is	magazine.
one thing you wish for while waiting for the doctor in an exam room is	food/drink.
one thing you wish for while waiting for the doctor in an exam room is	pain meds.
one thing the stars eat that you probably would not find in middle america is	sushi.
one thing the stars eat that you probably would not find in middle america is	caviar.
one occupation that thinks their time is more important than yours is	doctor.
one occupation that thinks their time is more important than yours is	lawyer.
one occupation that thinks their time is more important than yours is	c.e.o..
one occupation that thinks their time is more important than yours is	banker.
one occupation that thinks their time is more important than yours is	police officer.
one phrase that begins with the word "double" is	trouble.
one phrase that begins with the word "double" is	jeopardy.
one phrase that begins with the word "double" is	dutch.
one phrase that begins with the word "double" is	dare.
one thing you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work is	donut.
one thing you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work is	bagel.
one thing you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work is	granola bar.
one thing you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work is	toast.
one thing you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work is	pop tart.
one thing you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work is	muffin.
one thing you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work is	fruit.
one bad job for one person whos accident prone is	driver.
one bad job for one person whos accident prone is	construction.
one bad job for one person whos accident prone is	police officer.
one bad job for one person whos accident prone is	food service.
one bad job for one person whos accident prone is	glass maker.
one bad job for one person whos accident prone is	window washer.
one bad job for one person whos accident prone is	surgeon.
one thing kids might tell santa in a letter to him is	wish list.
one thing kids might tell santa in a letter to him is	been good.
one thing kids might tell santa in a letter to him is	leave him cookies.
one thing kids might tell santa in a letter to him is	name.
one thing kids might tell santa in a letter to him is	age.
one thing kids might tell santa in a letter to him is	address.
one thing considerate that people often do for you in an elevator is	hold door.
one thing considerate that people often do for you in an elevator is	push button.
one thing considerate that people often do for you in an elevator is	move over.
one thing that a las vegas entertainers outfit would have sewn on is	sequins.
one thing that a las vegas entertainers outfit would have sewn on is	feathers.
one thing that a las vegas entertainers outfit would have sewn on is	name.
one thing that a las vegas entertainers outfit would have sewn on is	beads.
one thing that a las vegas entertainers outfit would have sewn on is	jewels.
one word or phrase that has the word key in it is	key chain.
one word or phrase that has the word key in it is	keyhole.
one word or phrase that has the word key in it is	keyboard.
one word or phrase that has the word key in it is	house key.
one word or phrase that has the word key in it is	door key.
one word or phrase that has the word key in it is	keystone.
one word or phrase that has the word key in it is	keynote.
one thing you look forward to getting in the mail is	paycheck.
one thing you look forward to getting in the mail is	package.
one thing you look forward to getting in the mail is	birthday cards.
one thing you look forward to getting in the mail is	letters.
one heavy animal that a china shop owner wouldn't let into their store is	bull.
one heavy animal that a china shop owner wouldn't let into their store is	elephant.
one heavy animal that a china shop owner wouldn't let into their store is	bear.
one heavy animal that a china shop owner wouldn't let into their store is	lion.
one heavy animal that a china shop owner wouldn't let into their store is	giraffe.
one good gift for one person who is always late is	watch.
one good gift for one person who is always late is	alarm clock.
one good gift for one person who is always late is	calendar.
one part of you that looks different when you're sick is	skin.
one part of you that looks different when you're sick is	eyes.
one part of you that looks different when you're sick is	nose.
one part of you that looks different when you're sick is	hair.
the worst job for one person with allergies is	gardener/landscaper.
the worst job for one person with allergies is	veterinarian.
the worst job for one person with allergies is	florist.
the worst job for one person with allergies is	pet groomer.
one thing about his job that santa claus might brag about is	flying reindeer.
one thing about his job that santa claus might brag about is	generosity.
one thing about his job that santa claus might brag about is	works once a year.
one thing about his job that santa claus might brag about is	world travel.
one thing about his job that santa claus might brag about is	paid in cookies.
one thing about his job that santa claus might brag about is	fancy sleigh.
one thing about his job that santa claus might brag about is	efficiency.
one food many people have in their freezer right now is	ice cream.
one food many people have in their freezer right now is	beef.
one food many people have in their freezer right now is	chicken.
one food many people have in their freezer right now is	pizza.
one food many people have in their freezer right now is	hot dogs.
one food many people have in their freezer right now is	vegetables.
one cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult is	bambi.
one cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult is	lion king.
one cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult is	cinderella.
one cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult is	fox & the hound.
one cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult is	finding nemo.
one cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult is	beauty & the beast.
one cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult is	dumbo.
one thing about babies that makes you think twice about becoming a parent is	crying.
one thing about babies that makes you think twice about becoming a parent is	diapers.
one thing about babies that makes you think twice about becoming a parent is	expensive.
one thing about babies that makes you think twice about becoming a parent is	sleepless nights.
one thing about babies that makes you think twice about becoming a parent is	college tuition.
one thing about babies that makes you think twice about becoming a parent is	kids grow up.
one food you wouldn't eat with a fork is	soup.
one food you wouldn't eat with a fork is	french fries.
one food you wouldn't eat with a fork is	cereal.
one food you wouldn't eat with a fork is	ice cream.
one food you wouldn't eat with a fork is	pizza.
one food you wouldn't eat with a fork is	hamburger.
one food you wouldn't eat with a fork is	chicken.
one ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have is	chocolate/ fudge.
one ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have is	sprinkles.
one ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have is	strawberry.
one ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have is	nuts.
one ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have is	cherry.
one ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have is	caramel.
one ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have is	whipped cream.
one thing guests do at a wedding is	dance.
one thing guests do at a wedding is	drink.
one thing guests do at a wedding is	eat.
one thing guests do at a wedding is	cry.
one thing guests do at a wedding is	chat.
one thing guests do at a wedding is	throw rice.
one thing guests do at a wedding is	toast the couple.
one thing people in the s thought we would have by the year is	flying cars.
one thing people in the s thought we would have by the year is	time travel.
one thing people in the s thought we would have by the year is	robots.
one thing people in the s thought we would have by the year is	spaceships.
one thing that is personalized is	license plate.
one thing that is personalized is	watch/jewelry.
one thing that is personalized is	polio/work shirt.
one thing that is personalized is	towel set.
one thing that is personalized is	luggage tag.
one thing specific you'd wear if you wanted to impersonate a woman is	dress.
one thing specific you'd wear if you wanted to impersonate a woman is	wig.
one thing specific you'd wear if you wanted to impersonate a woman is	bra.
one thing specific you'd wear if you wanted to impersonate a woman is	high heels.
one thing specific you'd wear if you wanted to impersonate a woman is	lipstick.
one thing specific you'd wear if you wanted to impersonate a woman is	panty hose.
one thing that would be hard to do if you didnt have a mouth is	eat.
one thing that would be hard to do if you didnt have a mouth is	talk.
one thing that would be hard to do if you didnt have a mouth is	kiss.
one thing that would be hard to do if you didnt have a mouth is	drink.
one common household item that was a luxury to have 50 years ago is	tv.
one common household item that was a luxury to have 50 years ago is	dishwasher.
one common household item that was a luxury to have 50 years ago is	phone.
one common household item that was a luxury to have 50 years ago is	washing machine.
one unit of currency that's used in a foreign country is	euros.
one unit of currency that's used in a foreign country is	pound.
one unit of currency that's used in a foreign country is	yen.
one unit of currency that's used in a foreign country is	pesos.
one unit of currency that's used in a foreign country is	francs.
one unit of currency that's used in a foreign country is	rupees.
one occasion where you might send out invitations is	wedding.
one occasion where you might send out invitations is	birthday.
one occasion where you might send out invitations is	party.
one occasion where you might send out invitations is	graduation.
one occasion where you might send out invitations is	baby shower.
one reason you might skip lunch is	not hungry.
one reason you might skip lunch is	too busy.
one reason you might skip lunch is	on a diet.
one reason you might skip lunch is	work/meeting.
one reason you might skip lunch is	sick.
one place you might hear an echo is	cave.
one place you might hear an echo is	canyon.
one place you might hear an echo is	hallway.
one place you might hear an echo is	phone booth.
one place you might hear an echo is	mountain.
one place you might hear an echo is	bathroom.
one thing you would find in a weather forecaster's closet is	umbrella.
one thing you would find in a weather forecaster's closet is	3 piece suit.
one thing you would find in a weather forecaster's closet is	rain jacket.
one thing you would find in a weather forecaster's closet is	winter coat.
one thing you would find in a weather forecaster's closet is	map.
one thing you would find in a weather forecaster's closet is	pointer.
one thing you would see on jerry springer but not on oprah is	fighting.
one thing you would see on jerry springer but not on oprah is	nudity.
one thing you would see on jerry springer but not on oprah is	security.
one thing you would see on jerry springer but not on oprah is	jerry springer.
one thing you would see on jerry springer but not on oprah is	chairs thrown.
one thing that tastes good with mustard is	hot dogs.
one thing that tastes good with mustard is	hamburger.
one thing that tastes good with mustard is	french fries.
one thing that tastes good with mustard is	corn dogs.
one thing that tastes good with mustard is	ketchup.
one thing that tastes good with mustard is	hot pretzel.
one thing that tastes good with mustard is	ham.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to dress up like a cowboy is	cowboy hat.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to dress up like a cowboy is	coyboy boots.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to dress up like a cowboy is	toy gun.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to dress up like a cowboy is	chaps.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to dress up like a cowboy is	spurs.
one thing that comes with a hood is	coat.
one thing that comes with a hood is	car.
one thing that comes with a hood is	sweatshirt.
one thing that comes with a hood is	cape.
one thing you might lose as you get older is	memory.
one thing you might lose as you get older is	hair.
one thing football players wear for protection is	helmet.
one thing football players wear for protection is	cup.
one thing football players wear for protection is	shoulder pads.
one thing football players wear for protection is	knee pads.
one thing football players wear for protection is	mouth guard.
one thing you eat by the handful (be specific candy is not an answer) is	popcorn.
one thing you eat by the handful (be specific candy is not an answer) is	nuts.
one thing you eat by the handful (be specific candy is not an answer) is	m&m.
one thing you eat by the handful (be specific candy is not an answer) is	potato chips.
one thing you eat by the handful (be specific candy is not an answer) is	chocolate.
one thing you eat by the handful (be specific candy is not an answer) is	jelly bean.
one fruit that you squeeze to see if its ripe is	orange.
one fruit that you squeeze to see if its ripe is	peach.
one fruit that you squeeze to see if its ripe is	melon.
one fruit that you squeeze to see if its ripe is	tomato.
one fruit that you squeeze to see if its ripe is	lemon.
one thing a teenager has a lot of is	friends.
one thing a teenager has a lot of is	clothes.
one thing a teenager has a lot of is	free time.
one thing a teenager has a lot of is	acne.
one thing a teenager has a lot of is	music.
one thing a teenager has a lot of is	emotions.
one ingredient that tacos would be no good without is	meat.
one ingredient that tacos would be no good without is	cheese.
one ingredient that tacos would be no good without is	salsa.
one ingredient that tacos would be no good without is	lettuce.
one thing some pets wear although its usually only worn by humans is	sweater.
one thing some pets wear although its usually only worn by humans is	shirt.
one thing some pets wear although its usually only worn by humans is	coat.
one thing some pets wear although its usually only worn by humans is	shoes.
one thing some pets wear although its usually only worn by humans is	jewelry.
one thing about winnie the pooh that is different from real bears is	can talk.
one thing about winnie the pooh that is different from real bears is	wears a shirt.
one thing about winnie the pooh that is different from real bears is	he's yellow/orange.
one thing about winnie the pooh that is different from real bears is	has 'hunny' jar.
one thing about winnie the pooh that is different from real bears is	friends with people.
one thing about winnie the pooh that is different from real bears is	gentle.
one animal that travels in groups is	birds.
one animal that travels in groups is	wolves.
one animal that travels in groups is	fish.
one animal that travels in groups is	lions.
one animal that travels in groups is	elephant.
one animal that travels in groups is	deer.
one time when you should not send a text message to your love interest is	at work.
one time when you should not send a text message to your love interest is	midnight.
one time when you should not send a text message to your love interest is	while driving.
one time when you should not send a text message to your love interest is	when mad.
one time when you should not send a text message to your love interest is	after drinking.
one type of footwear that doesn't have laces is	sandals.
one type of footwear that doesn't have laces is	slippers.
one type of footwear that doesn't have laces is	loafers.
one type of footwear that doesn't have laces is	boots.
one type of footwear that doesn't have laces is	clogs.
one type of footwear that doesn't have laces is	heels.
one public place where you might be spotted wearing less clothing than usual is	beach.
one public place where you might be spotted wearing less clothing than usual is	pool.
one public place where you might be spotted wearing less clothing than usual is	nightclub.
one public place where you might be spotted wearing less clothing than usual is	spa.
one public place where you might be spotted wearing less clothing than usual is	gym.
one thing your physician asks that would be strange to ask a person who you just met is	weight.
one thing your physician asks that would be strange to ask a person who you just met is	age.
one thing your physician asks that would be strange to ask a person who you just met is	date of last cycle.
one thing your physician asks that would be strange to ask a person who you just met is	high blood pressure.
one thing your physician asks that would be strange to ask a person who you just met is	are you pregnant.
one reason why a man might delay proposing to his girlfriend is	nervous.
one reason why a man might delay proposing to his girlfriend is	no money.
one reason why a man might delay proposing to his girlfriend is	not ready.
one reason why a man might delay proposing to his girlfriend is	unsure.
one reason why a man might delay proposing to his girlfriend is	someone else.
one person who wears white clothes is	nurse.
one person who wears white clothes is	doctor.
one person who wears white clothes is	bride.
one person who wears white clothes is	chef.
one person who wears white clothes is	dentist.
one person who wears white clothes is	painter.
one person who wears white clothes is	ice cream vendor.
one thing a fan might collect from their favorite singer is	autograph.
one thing a fan might collect from their favorite singer is	albums.
one thing a fan might collect from their favorite singer is	hair.
one thing a fan might collect from their favorite singer is	posters.
one thing a fan might collect from their favorite singer is	photos.
one thing a fan might collect from their favorite singer is	t shirt.
one thing your mom told you was the key to a happy marriage is	love.
one thing your mom told you was the key to a happy marriage is	trust.
one thing your mom told you was the key to a happy marriage is	healthy love life.
one thing your mom told you was the key to a happy marriage is	communication.
one thing your mom told you was the key to a happy marriage is	compromise.
one thing you hope your dentist has done before he starts his exam is	wash hands.
one thing you hope your dentist has done before he starts his exam is	put gloves on.
one thing you hope your dentist has done before he starts his exam is	gone to school.
one thing you hope your dentist has done before he starts his exam is	sterilized equipment.
one thing people bet on is	horses races.
one thing people bet on is	sports.
one thing people bet on is	card games.
one thing the sign outside a hotel might tell you is	vacancy.
one thing the sign outside a hotel might tell you is	nightly rate.
one thing the sign outside a hotel might tell you is	hotel's name.
one thing the sign outside a hotel might tell you is	no smoking.
one thing the sign outside a hotel might tell you is	cable tv.
one thing that expands in the microwave is	popcorn bag.
one thing that expands in the microwave is	bread.
one thing that expands in the microwave is	hot dog.
one thing that expands in the microwave is	plastic.
one thing that expands in the microwave is	marshmellow.
one of the gifts from the song "the twelve days of christmas" is	partridge.
one of the gifts from the song "the twelve days of christmas" is	gold rings.
one of the gifts from the song "the twelve days of christmas" is	turtle dove.
one thing annoying that cats do is	meow.
one thing annoying that cats do is	scratch.
one thing annoying that cats do is	lick themselves.
one thing annoying that cats do is	shed.
one thing annoying that cats do is	bite.
one extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying is	ketchup.
one extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying is	salt.
one extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying is	extra cheese.
one extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying is	pepper.
one extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying is	hot dogs.
one extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying is	tuna.
one extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying is	ham.
one thing kids dissect in science class is	frog.
one thing kids dissect in science class is	worm.
one thing kids dissect in science class is	pig.
one thing kids dissect in science class is	rodent.
one thing you do in front of a mirror you wouldnt want anyone to see is	pop a zit.
one thing you do in front of a mirror you wouldnt want anyone to see is	look at your body.
one thing you do in front of a mirror you wouldnt want anyone to see is	dance.
one thing you do in front of a mirror you wouldnt want anyone to see is	undress.
one thing you do in front of a mirror you wouldnt want anyone to see is	pluck eyebrows.
one thing you do in front of a mirror you wouldnt want anyone to see is	clip nose hairs.
one thing most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own is	walking.
one thing most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own is	driving.
one thing most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own is	using bathroom.
one thing most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own is	eating.
one thing most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own is	paying bills.
one thing most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own is	dressing.
one thing most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own is	laundry.
the worst thing to lose while on vacation is	money.
the worst thing to lose while on vacation is	passport.
the worst thing to lose while on vacation is	luggage.
the worst thing to lose while on vacation is	cellphone.
the worst thing to lose while on vacation is	id/ license.
the worst thing to lose while on vacation is	keys.
the worst thing to lose while on vacation is	the kids.
one thing cats can chase all day is	nice.
one thing cats can chase all day is	tail.
one thing cats can chase all day is	ball of yarn.
one thing cats can chase all day is	birds.
one thing cats can chase all day is	toy/ball.
one occupation in which one spends his day cutting is	barber.
one occupation in which one spends his day cutting is	butcher.
one occupation in which one spends his day cutting is	gardener.
one occupation in which one spends his day cutting is	tailor.
one occupation in which one spends his day cutting is	lumberjack.
one occupation in which one spends his day cutting is	carpenter.
one food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it is	ice cream.
one food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it is	applesauce.
one food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it is	pudding.
one food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it is	peanut butter.
one food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it is	jell o.
one food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it is	mashed potatoes.
one food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it is	yogurt.
one talent that can't be learned, but that you must be born with is	singing.
one talent that can't be learned, but that you must be born with is	dancing.
one talent that can't be learned, but that you must be born with is	drawing.
one talent that can't be learned, but that you must be born with is	sports.
one thing that might get you to watch a new tv show is	advertisement.
one thing that might get you to watch a new tv show is	stars.
one thing that might get you to watch a new tv show is	appears funny.
one thing that might get you to watch a new tv show is	win money.
one thing that might get you to watch a new tv show is	different.
one thing peoiple subscribe to by month is	magazine.
one thing peoiple subscribe to by month is	newspaper.
one thing peoiple subscribe to by month is	cable.
one thing peoiple subscribe to by month is	gym.
one thing peoiple subscribe to by month is	internet.
one sound that gives you a headache if you hear it for too long is	siren.
one sound that gives you a headache if you hear it for too long is	horn.
one sound that gives you a headache if you hear it for too long is	music.
one sound that gives you a headache if you hear it for too long is	screaming baby.
one thing people need good posture to do is	model.
one thing people need good posture to do is	dance.
one thing people need good posture to do is	walk confidently.
one thing people need good posture to do is	type.
one thing people need good posture to do is	play piano.
one thing people need good posture to do is	yoga.
one thing that has a tip is	pen/pencil.
one thing that has a tip is	restaurant server.
one thing that has a tip is	finger.
one thing that has a tip is	nose.
one thing that has a tip is	needle/pin.
one thing that has a tip is	q tip.
one thing that has a tip is	dart/arrow.
the best part of the grocery store to pick up a date is	produce.
the best part of the grocery store to pick up a date is	meat.
the best part of the grocery store to pick up a date is	frozen food.
the best part of the grocery store to pick up a date is	bakery.
the best part of the grocery store to pick up a date is	check out.
the best part of the grocery store to pick up a date is	dairy section.
one thing parents photograph their baby doing for the first time is	walking.
one thing parents photograph their baby doing for the first time is	smiling.
one thing parents photograph their baby doing for the first time is	eating.
one thing parents photograph their baby doing for the first time is	taking a bath.
one thing parents photograph their baby doing for the first time is	crawling.
one thing parents photograph their baby doing for the first time is	sleeping.
one job that a man may have that makes him a sex symbol even into old age is	actor.
one job that a man may have that makes him a sex symbol even into old age is	model.
one job that a man may have that makes him a sex symbol even into old age is	dancer.
one job that a man may have that makes him a sex symbol even into old age is	firefighter.
one job that a man may have that makes him a sex symbol even into old age is	president.
one thing people do when they want to look better (makeover is not an answer, be more specific) is	change hair.
one thing people do when they want to look better (makeover is not an answer, be more specific) is	diet.
one thing people do when they want to look better (makeover is not an answer, be more specific) is	put on makeup.
one thing people do when they want to look better (makeover is not an answer, be more specific) is	plastic surgery.
one thing people do when they want to look better (makeover is not an answer, be more specific) is	exercise.
one thing people do when they want to look better (makeover is not an answer, be more specific) is	clean up.
one thing thats hard to get over is	breakup.
one thing thats hard to get over is	death.
one thing thats hard to get over is	fence.
one thing thats hard to get over is	virus.
one thing thats hard to get over is	mountain.
one person who might wear a lab coat is	doctor.
one person who might wear a lab coat is	scientist.
one person who might wear a lab coat is	nurse.
one thing you never quite believed about the brady bunch is	always happy.
one thing you never quite believed about the brady bunch is	never fight.
one thing you never quite believed about the brady bunch is	shared one bathroom.
one thing you never quite believed about the brady bunch is	so many kids.
one thing that kids are bummed to get, but is worse to get as an adult is	chicken pox.
one thing that kids are bummed to get, but is worse to get as an adult is	cavity/pulled tooth.
one thing that kids are bummed to get, but is worse to get as an adult is	braces.
one thing that kids are bummed to get, but is worse to get as an adult is	acne.
one thing every woman should take with her on a blind date is	cell phone.
one thing every woman should take with her on a blind date is	money.
one thing every woman should take with her on a blind date is	mace.
one thing every woman should take with her on a blind date is	own transportation.
one thing every woman should take with her on a blind date is	friend.
one occupation that youd be in trouble if you disrespected is	police officer.
one occupation that youd be in trouble if you disrespected is	teacher.
one occupation that youd be in trouble if you disrespected is	judge.
one occupation that youd be in trouble if you disrespected is	politician.
one thing baseball players do while they're in the dugout is	spit.
one thing baseball players do while they're in the dugout is	yell.
one thing you'd need if you were going to impersonate mickey mouse is	big ears.
one thing you'd need if you were going to impersonate mickey mouse is	higher pitch voice.
one thing you'd need if you were going to impersonate mickey mouse is	costume.
one thing you'd need if you were going to impersonate mickey mouse is	tail.
one specific bowl game that takes place during the holidays is	rose bowl.
one specific bowl game that takes place during the holidays is	super bowl.
one place in your car that you are likely to find something thats gone missing is	under seat.
one place in your car that you are likely to find something thats gone missing is	glove box.
one place in your car that you are likely to find something thats gone missing is	console.
one place in your car that you are likely to find something thats gone missing is	trunk.
one job where it would be okay to yell at work is	construction.
one job where it would be okay to yell at work is	sports.
one job where it would be okay to yell at work is	teacher.
one job where it would be okay to yell at work is	police.
one job where it would be okay to yell at work is	stock broker.
one job where it would be okay to yell at work is	auctioneer.
one tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title is	ally mcbeal.
one tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title is	oprah winfrey.
one tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title is	roseanne.
one tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title is	rosie o'donnell.
one tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title is	murphy brown.
one tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title is	i love lucy.
one tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title is	will & grace.
one thing teachers give their students is	homework.
one thing teachers give their students is	grades.
one thing teachers give their students is	tests.
one thing teachers give their students is	knowledge.
one thing teachers give their students is	stickers.
one thing teachers give their students is	encouragement.
one thing teachers give their students is	candy.
one place where you might see a bear is	woods.
one place where you might see a bear is	zoo.
one place where you might see a bear is	national park.
one place where you might see a bear is	mountains.
one famous robert who many women consider handsome is	robert redford.
one famous robert who many women consider handsome is	robert de niro.
one famous robert who many women consider handsome is	robert kennedy.
one occupation in which you might adopt a fake name is	detective.
one occupation in which you might adopt a fake name is	actor.
one occupation in which you might adopt a fake name is	dancer.
one occupation in which you might adopt a fake name is	musician.
one thing that would be very messy if you put it in the microwave uncovered is	pasta.
one thing that would be very messy if you put it in the microwave uncovered is	soup.
one thing that would be very messy if you put it in the microwave uncovered is	chili.
one thing that would be very messy if you put it in the microwave uncovered is	eggs.
one thing you shouldn't have for lunch right before a driving test is	alcohol.
one thing you shouldn't have for lunch right before a driving test is	beans.
one thing you shouldn't have for lunch right before a driving test is	onions.
one thing you shouldn't have for lunch right before a driving test is	garlic.
one thing you shouldn't have for lunch right before a driving test is	leaving things.
one reason your bathroom is better than an outhouse is	running water.
one reason your bathroom is better than an outhouse is	cleaner.
one reason your bathroom is better than an outhouse is	inside.
one reason your bathroom is better than an outhouse is	no smell.
one reason your bathroom is better than an outhouse is	heated.
one reason your bathroom is better than an outhouse is	flush toilet.
one thing people remove from their lawn is	weeds.
one thing people remove from their lawn is	dog poop.
one thing people remove from their lawn is	grass.
one thing people remove from their lawn is	leaves.
one thing people remove from their lawn is	bugs.
one thing people remove from their lawn is	trash.
the first bill you pay each month is	rent.
the first bill you pay each month is	mortgage.
the first bill you pay each month is	utilities.
the first bill you pay each month is	car payment.
the first bill you pay each month is	phone.
the first bill you pay each month is	credit.
one profession that's only successful if people are laughing at them is	comedian.
one profession that's only successful if people are laughing at them is	clown.
one profession that's only successful if people are laughing at them is	sports mascot.
one celebrity who youre pretty sure has had plastic surgery is	joan rivers.
one celebrity who youre pretty sure has had plastic surgery is	pamela anderson.
one celebrity who youre pretty sure has had plastic surgery is	cher.
one celebrity who youre pretty sure has had plastic surgery is	dolly parton.
one celebrity who youre pretty sure has had plastic surgery is	michael jackson.
one thing who uses a gun is	police.
one thing who uses a gun is	criminal.
one thing who uses a gun is	hunter.
one thing who uses a gun is	dirty harry.
one thing a kid might do to get out of taking a bath is	cry/tantrum.
one thing a kid might do to get out of taking a bath is	go to bed.
one thing a kid might do to get out of taking a bath is	fake sickness.
one thing a kid might do to get out of taking a bath is	run.
one thing a kid might do to get out of taking a bath is	hide.
one thing that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do is	clean.
one thing that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do is	lock door.
one thing that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do is	pat rent.
one thing that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do is	flush toilet.
one thing that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do is	turn off lights.
one thing that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do is	shower/bathe.
one thing that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do is	take out the trash.
one specific way people might enter a swimming pool is	dive.
one specific way people might enter a swimming pool is	feet first.
one specific way people might enter a swimming pool is	slowly.
one specific way people might enter a swimming pool is	jump right in.
one specific way people might enter a swimming pool is	ladder.
one specific way people might enter a swimming pool is	stairs.
one thing people shouldn't leave inside their parked car is	purse/wallet.
one thing people shouldn't leave inside their parked car is	keys.
one thing people shouldn't leave inside their parked car is	kids.
one thing people shouldn't leave inside their parked car is	phone.
one thing people shouldn't leave inside their parked car is	dog.
one thing people shouldn't leave inside their parked car is	ice cream.
one thing at your company holiday party that could lead you to embarrass yourself is	open bar.
one thing at your company holiday party that could lead you to embarrass yourself is	dance floor.
one thing at your company holiday party that could lead you to embarrass yourself is	karaoke.
one thing at your company holiday party that could lead you to embarrass yourself is	mistletoe.
one thing at your company holiday party that could lead you to embarrass yourself is	free food.
one card game that takes a long time to play is	poker.
one card game that takes a long time to play is	bridge.
one card game that takes a long time to play is	uno.
one card game that takes a long time to play is	solitaire.
one card game that takes a long time to play is	gin rummy.
one card game that takes a long time to play is	war.
one thing you might do with your fingers but not your toes is	eat.
one thing you might do with your fingers but not your toes is	write/type.
one thing you might do with your fingers but not your toes is	snap/clap.
one thing you might do with your fingers but not your toes is	bite nails.
one thing you might do with your fingers but not your toes is	count.
one thing you might do with your fingers but not your toes is	cross them.
one thing you might do with your fingers but not your toes is	point.
one actor who often plays a "bad guy" is	jack nickleson.
one actor who often plays a "bad guy" is	al pacino.
one actor who often plays a "bad guy" is	clint eastwood.
one actor who often plays a "bad guy" is	robert dinero.
one actor who often plays a "bad guy" is	christopher wakin.
one actor who often plays a "bad guy" is	dennis hooper.
one place where most americans go at least once for vacation is	disneyland/world.
one place where most americans go at least once for vacation is	hawii.
one place where most americans go at least once for vacation is	las vegas.
one place where most americans go at least once for vacation is	mexico.
one place where most americans go at least once for vacation is	grand canyon.
one place where most americans go at least once for vacation is	new york city.
one reason why you'd get blindfolded is	surprise party.
one reason why you'd get blindfolded is	pin tail on donkey.
one reason why you'd get blindfolded is	kidnapped.
one reason why you'd get blindfolded is	pinata.
one thing you are always tempted to steal from the doctor's office is	gloves.
one thing you are always tempted to steal from the doctor's office is	magazine.
one thing you are always tempted to steal from the doctor's office is	band aids.
one thing you are always tempted to steal from the doctor's office is	pen.
one thing you are always tempted to steal from the doctor's office is	medicine.
one way in which sitcom characters are typically different from real people is	funny.
one way in which sitcom characters are typically different from real people is	they're acting.
one way in which sitcom characters are typically different from real people is	always happy.
one way in which sitcom characters are typically different from real people is	rich.
one way in which sitcom characters are typically different from real people is	always look good.
the best thing that is now available digital, but hasn't always been is	tv.
the best thing that is now available digital, but hasn't always been is	clock.
the best thing that is now available digital, but hasn't always been is	canara.
the best thing that is now available digital, but hasn't always been is	mp3/music.
the best thing that is now available digital, but hasn't always been is	phone.
one thing many people would be sacred to do alone at night is	walk home.
one thing many people would be sacred to do alone at night is	sleep.
one thing many people would be sacred to do alone at night is	drive.
one thing many people would be sacred to do alone at night is	watch scary movie.
one thing many people would be sacred to do alone at night is	go for a jog.
one thing from the ocean that you'd never find on a restaurant menu is	whale.
one thing from the ocean that you'd never find on a restaurant menu is	sand/rocks.
one thing from the ocean that you'd never find on a restaurant menu is	star fish.
one thing from the ocean that you'd never find on a restaurant menu is	coral.
one thing from the ocean that you'd never find on a restaurant menu is	sea shells.
one thing from the ocean that you'd never find on a restaurant menu is	sea horse.
one thing in a casino that may give you a headache is	noise.
one thing in a casino that may give you a headache is	smoke.
one thing in a casino that may give you a headache is	flashung lights.
one thing in a casino that may give you a headache is	slot machines.
one thing in a casino that may give you a headache is	alcohol.
one thing that plugs into your computer is	printer.
one thing that plugs into your computer is	mouse.
one thing that plugs into your computer is	keyboard.
one thing that plugs into your computer is	phone.
one thing that plugs into your computer is	router.
one thing that plugs into your computer is	monitor.
one thing you were afraid to do for the first time is	drive.
one thing you were afraid to do for the first time is	kiss/intimacy.
one thing you were afraid to do for the first time is	swim.
one thing you were afraid to do for the first time is	ride a bike.
one thing you were afraid to do for the first time is	go to school.
one thing you were afraid to do for the first time is	get on a plane.
one person whose orders should be followed is	boss.
one person whose orders should be followed is	police.
one person whose orders should be followed is	parents.
one person whose orders should be followed is	president.
one person whose orders should be followed is	judge.
one person whose orders should be followed is	doctor.
one thing a parent tells their teen i never did at your age is	smoke.
one thing a parent tells their teen i never did at your age is	drink.
one thing a parent tells their teen i never did at your age is	date.
one thing a parent tells their teen i never did at your age is	talk back.
one thing a parent tells their teen i never did at your age is	lie.
one thing people add to oatmeal is	brown sugar.
one thing people add to oatmeal is	cinnamon.
one thing a kid might need to buy before starting a new school year is	backpack.
one thing a kid might need to buy before starting a new school year is	pencils.
one thing in a woman's purse that she might lend out and not get back is	money.
one thing in a woman's purse that she might lend out and not get back is	pen.
one thing in a woman's purse that she might lend out and not get back is	lipstick.
one thing in a woman's purse that she might lend out and not get back is	hygeine product.
one thing in a woman's purse that she might lend out and not get back is	tissue.
one thing in a woman's purse that she might lend out and not get back is	gum/candy.
one thing a child might have at their 6th birthday party, but not at their 16th birthday is	clown.
one thing a child might have at their 6th birthday party, but not at their 16th birthday is	games.
one thing a child might have at their 6th birthday party, but not at their 16th birthday is	cake.
one thing a child might have at their 6th birthday party, but not at their 16th birthday is	balloons.
one thing a child might have at their 6th birthday party, but not at their 16th birthday is	party favors.
one thing a child might have at their 6th birthday party, but not at their 16th birthday is	parents.
one thing people dig up is	bones.
one thing people dig up is	dirt.
one thing people dig up is	treasure.
one thing people dig up is	flowers/plants.
one thing people dig up is	weeds.
one thing people dig up is	worms.
one thing that love gets compared to in pop songs is	flower.
one thing that love gets compared to in pop songs is	candy.
one thing that love gets compared to in pop songs is	battlefield.
one thing that love gets compared to in pop songs is	river.
one thing that love gets compared to in pop songs is	music.
one thing that many people are afraid to drive on is	icy roads.
one thing that many people are afraid to drive on is	snow.
one thing that many people are afraid to drive on is	bridge.
one thing that many people are afraid to drive on is	freeway.
one person who might be on your roof is	santa claus.
one person who might be on your roof is	roofer.
one person who might be on your roof is	chimney sweep.
one person who might be on your roof is	burglar.
one person who might be on your roof is	electrician.
one person who might be on your roof is	a fiddler.
one thing a kid might get to do when sleeping over at a friend's house that he doesn't do at home is	stay up.
one thing a kid might get to do when sleeping over at a friend's house that he doesn't do at home is	eat in bed.
one thing a kid might get to do when sleeping over at a friend's house that he doesn't do at home is	play games.
one thing a kid might get to do when sleeping over at a friend's house that he doesn't do at home is	watch scary movie.
one reason you may leave a blind date without saying goodbye is	not attracted.
one reason you may leave a blind date without saying goodbye is	rude.
one reason you may leave a blind date without saying goodbye is	no sparks.
one reason you may leave a blind date without saying goodbye is	bad breath.
one reason you may leave a blind date without saying goodbye is	boring.
one public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug is	school.
one public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug is	hospital.
one public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug is	airplane.
one public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug is	doctor's office.
one public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug is	public transit.
one public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug is	shopping center.
one public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug is	work.
one person who might tell you to lose weight is	spouse.
one person who might tell you to lose weight is	doctor.
one person who might tell you to lose weight is	parents.
one person who might tell you to lose weight is	boy/girl friend.
one person who might tell you to lose weight is	friend.
one person who might tell you to lose weight is	children.
one instance when you fake a smile is	having a photo taken.
one instance when you fake a smile is	hear a bad joke.
one instance when you fake a smile is	job interview.
one instance when you fake a smile is	upset.
one instance when you fake a smile is	meeting new people.
one instance when you fake a smile is	nervous.
one complaint people might have about buying things online is	shipping charges.
one complaint people might have about buying things online is	too big/small.
one complaint people might have about buying things online is	fraud.
one complaint people might have about buying things online is	`slow delivery.
one attribute of a high school cheerleader that could help her become president of the united states is	spirit.
one attribute of a high school cheerleader that could help her become president of the united states is	good looks.
one attribute of a high school cheerleader that could help her become president of the united states is	leadership.
one attribute of a high school cheerleader that could help her become president of the united states is	popularity.
one specific kind of pepper people put in their food is	black.
one specific kind of pepper people put in their food is	bell.
one job that a clumsy person would be fired from immediately is	food server.
one job that a clumsy person would be fired from immediately is	surgeon.
one job that a clumsy person would be fired from immediately is	construction worker.
one job that a clumsy person would be fired from immediately is	dancer.
one job that a clumsy person would be fired from immediately is	acrobat.
one job that a clumsy person would be fired from immediately is	bartender.
one thing you might do if you heard a burglar in your house is	call 911.
one thing you might do if you heard a burglar in your house is	get a gun.
one thing you might do if you heard a burglar in your house is	get a baseball bat.
one thing you might do if you heard a burglar in your house is	scream.
one thing you might do if you heard a burglar in your house is	run and hide.
one thing you might do if you heard a burglar in your house is	ask who is there?.
one household activity that people wear gloves while doing is	dishes.
one household activity that people wear gloves while doing is	gardening.
one household activity that people wear gloves while doing is	scrubbing toilet.
one household activity that people wear gloves while doing is	painting.
one thing you need to bake a cake is	flour.
one thing you need to bake a cake is	eggs.
one thing you need to bake a cake is	cake mix.
one thing you need to bake a cake is	baking pan.
one thing you need to bake a cake is	oven.
one thing you need to bake a cake is	spatula.
one thing you need to bake a cake is	milk.
one thing a housekeeper should not open is	mail.
one thing a housekeeper should not open is	safe/lock box.
one thing a housekeeper should not open is	dresser drawers.
one thing a housekeeper should not open is	jewelery box.
one thing a housekeeper should not open is	purse/wallet.
one thing a housekeeper should not open is	diary/journal.
one piece of furniture thats too big to fit in a vw bug is	couch.
one piece of furniture thats too big to fit in a vw bug is	lounge chair.
one piece of furniture thats too big to fit in a vw bug is	bed.
one piece of furniture thats too big to fit in a vw bug is	table.
one thing that might hurt after you attend a rock concert is	head.
one thing that might hurt after you attend a rock concert is	throat.
one thing that might hurt after you attend a rock concert is	feet.
one thing that might hurt after you attend a rock concert is	neck.
one thing that might hurt after you attend a rock concert is	back.
one thing that might hurt after you attend a rock concert is	ears.
one thing you might sign up for if you like to receive mail is	magazine.
one thing you might sign up for if you like to receive mail is	coupons.
one thing you might sign up for if you like to receive mail is	credit card.
one thing you might sign up for if you like to receive mail is	catalogs.
one thing you might sign up for if you like to receive mail is	sweepstakes.
one thing you might sign up for if you like to receive mail is	newspaper.
one thing you might sign up for if you like to receive mail is	fan club.
one thing moms make their kids wear in the winter is	coat.
one thing moms make their kids wear in the winter is	gloves.
one thing moms make their kids wear in the winter is	hat.
one thing moms make their kids wear in the winter is	sweater.
one thing moms make their kids wear in the winter is	long johns.
one thing moms make their kids wear in the winter is	boots.
one person who you'd hate to accidentally forward a personal email to is	boss.
one person who you'd hate to accidentally forward a personal email to is	parent.
one person who you'd hate to accidentally forward a personal email to is	ex.
one person who you'd hate to accidentally forward a personal email to is	grandparent.
one thing that people go through a lot of obstacles in order to get is	job.
one thing that people go through a lot of obstacles in order to get is	money.
one thing that people go through a lot of obstacles in order to get is	love/married.
one thing that people go through a lot of obstacles in order to get is	degree.
one thing that people go through a lot of obstacles in order to get is	driver's license.
one thing that people go through a lot of obstacles in order to get is	house.
one type of animal that can be found in the cereal box is	tiger.
one type of animal that can be found in the cereal box is	rabbit.
one type of animal that can be found in the cereal box is	parrot.
one type of animal that can be found in the cereal box is	bear.
one type of animal that can be found in the cereal box is	monkey.
one type of animal that can be found in the cereal box is	kangaroo.
one type of animal that can be found in the cereal box is	lion.
one thing on the menu that a restaurant might guarantee nobody can finish is	steak.
one thing on the menu that a restaurant might guarantee nobody can finish is	burger.
one thing on the menu that a restaurant might guarantee nobody can finish is	pizza.
one thing on the menu that a restaurant might guarantee nobody can finish is	ribs.
one thing on the menu that a restaurant might guarantee nobody can finish is	pasta.
places where you might see santa is	mall.
places where you might see santa is	north pole.
places where you might see santa is	home.
places where you might see santa is	sky.
one thing a hair dresser might complain about a customer is	dirty hair.
one thing a hair dresser might complain about a customer is	the tip.
one thing a hair dresser might complain about a customer is	always moving.
one thing a hair dresser might complain about a customer is	late.
one thing a hair dresser might complain about a customer is	too picky.
one thing that superstitious people believe will bring bad luck is	black cat.
one thing that superstitious people believe will bring bad luck is	breaking a mirror.
one thing that superstitious people believe will bring bad luck is	walk under a ladder.
one thing that superstitious people believe will bring bad luck is	number 13.
one thing that superstitious people believe will bring bad luck is	step on a crack.
another stringed instrument that a guitarist would probably be good at right away is	banjo.
another stringed instrument that a guitarist would probably be good at right away is	bass.
another stringed instrument that a guitarist would probably be good at right away is	fiddle/violin.
another stringed instrument that a guitarist would probably be good at right away is	ukelele.
another stringed instrument that a guitarist would probably be good at right away is	harp.
another stringed instrument that a guitarist would probably be good at right away is	mandolin.
one thing that has strings on it is	guitar.
one thing that has strings on it is	puppet.
one thing that has strings on it is	violin.
one thing that has strings on it is	kite.
one thing that has strings on it is	yo yo.
one thing that has strings on it is	balloon.
one thing that has strings on it is	cello.
one thing mick jagger does a lot is	sing.
one thing mick jagger does a lot is	dance.
one thing mick jagger does a lot is	yell.
one thing mick jagger does a lot is	tour.
one thing mick jagger does a lot is	jump.
one gift that most women like to get is	jewelry.
one gift that most women like to get is	clothes.
one specific place where you hated to run into a school bully is	bathroom.
one specific place where you hated to run into a school bully is	playground.
one specific place where you hated to run into a school bully is	hallway.
one specific place where you hated to run into a school bully is	alley.
one specific place where you hated to run into a school bully is	cafeteria.
one specific place where you hated to run into a school bully is	locker room.
one person who children believe in is	santa claus.
one person who children believe in is	god.
one person who children believe in is	tooth fairy.
one person who children believe in is	easter bunny.
one person who children believe in is	parents.
one place were you'd see a lot of people gossiping is	party.
one place were you'd see a lot of people gossiping is	mall.
one place were you'd see a lot of people gossiping is	place of worship.
one place were you'd see a lot of people gossiping is	work.
one place were you'd see a lot of people gossiping is	school.
one place were you'd see a lot of people gossiping is	hair saloon.
one place were you'd see a lot of people gossiping is	coffee shop.
one thing you might pay one person to do while you're away on vacation is	care for pets.
one thing you might pay one person to do while you're away on vacation is	house sit.
one thing you might pay one person to do while you're away on vacation is	water plants.
one thing you might pay one person to do while you're away on vacation is	babysit.
one thing you might pay one person to do while you're away on vacation is	collect mail.
one thing that comes in a bottle is	soda.
one thing that comes in a bottle is	beer.
one thing that comes in a bottle is	perfume.
one thing that comes in a bottle is	milk.
one thing that comes in a bottle is	shampoo.
one thing a kid might use to slide down the stairs is	pillow.
one thing a kid might use to slide down the stairs is	cardboard box.
one thing a kid might use to slide down the stairs is	blanket.
one thing a kid might use to slide down the stairs is	behind.
one thing a kid might use to slide down the stairs is	mattress.
one thing a kid might use to slide down the stairs is	towel.
one food that people get fed in a romantic situation is	strawberries.
one food that people get fed in a romantic situation is	chocolate.
one food that people get fed in a romantic situation is	grapes.
one food that people get fed in a romantic situation is	steak.
one food that people get fed in a romantic situation is	oysters.
one food that people get fed in a romantic situation is	lobster.
one food that people get fed in a romantic situation is	pasta.
one tv show about an island is	gilligan's island.
one tv show about an island is	lost.
one tv show about an island is	fantasy island.
one tv show about an island is	survivor.
one thing children often catch is	illness.
one thing children often catch is	ball.
one thing children often catch is	bugs/ butterflies.
one thing children often catch is	fish.
one thing children often catch is	frogs.
one person who is more popular dead than when they were alive is	elvis presley.
one person who is more popular dead than when they were alive is	marilyn monroe.
one person who is more popular dead than when they were alive is	jesus.
one person who is more popular dead than when they were alive is	james dean.
one sign that you might be turning into a dog is	barking.
one sign that you might be turning into a dog is	grow a tail.
one sign that you might be turning into a dog is	growing fur.
one sign that you might be turning into a dog is	need t scratch.
one sign that you might be turning into a dog is	fetch.
one sign that you might be turning into a dog is	floppy ears.
one type of vehicle where you usually sit in the back is	limousine.
one type of vehicle where you usually sit in the back is	taxi.
one type of vehicle where you usually sit in the back is	bus.
one type of vehicle where you usually sit in the back is	carriage.
one item in your home that you'd need to reset after power had went out is	clock.
one item in your home that you'd need to reset after power had went out is	microwave.
one item in your home that you'd need to reset after power had went out is	tv.
one item in your home that you'd need to reset after power had went out is	computer.
one item in your home that you'd need to reset after power had went out is	stove.
one item in your home that you'd need to reset after power had went out is	vcr/dvd player.
one design you often see on socks, but not on sneakers is	stripes.
one design you often see on socks, but not on sneakers is	animals.
one design you often see on socks, but not on sneakers is	argyle.
one design you often see on socks, but not on sneakers is	flowers.
one design you often see on socks, but not on sneakers is	polka dots.
one design you often see on socks, but not on sneakers is	hearts.
one thing men put in their shirt pockets is	pen/pencil.
one thing men put in their shirt pockets is	money.
one thing men put in their shirt pockets is	handkerchief.
one thing men put in their shirt pockets is	glasses.
one thing men put in their shirt pockets is	cigarettes.
one thing people eat with chili is	crackers.
one thing people eat with chili is	bread.
one piece of information youd be surprised to find on one persons business card is	age.
one piece of information youd be surprised to find on one persons business card is	home address.
one piece of information youd be surprised to find on one persons business card is	weight.
one piece of information youd be surprised to find on one persons business card is	social security.
one piece of information youd be surprised to find on one persons business card is	home phone.
one piece of information youd be surprised to find on one persons business card is	marital status.
one piece of information youd be surprised to find on one persons business card is	religion.
one flavor of potato chips is	bbq.
one flavor of potato chips is	sour cream & onion.
one flavor of potato chips is	vinegar.
one flavor of potato chips is	ranch.
one flavor of potato chips is	original.
one flavor of potato chips is	cheese.
one thing you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping is	snoring.
one thing you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping is	ticking clock.
one thing you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping is	furnace/ac.
one thing you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping is	crickets/mice.
one thing you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping is	creaks.
one thing you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping is	leaky faucet.
one thing you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping is	refrigerator.
one event in your life where you'd be unhappy if no one showed is	wedding.
one event in your life where you'd be unhappy if no one showed is	birthday.
one event in your life where you'd be unhappy if no one showed is	graduation.
one event in your life where you'd be unhappy if no one showed is	funeral.
one thing children wear, but adults don't is	diaper.
one thing children wear, but adults don't is	bib.
one thing children wear, but adults don't is	overalls.
one thing a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow is	water it.
one thing a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow is	fertilize it.
one thing a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow is	give it plant food.
one thing a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow is	give it more sun.
one thing a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow is	vitamins.
one thing a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow is	repot it.
one thing a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow is	talk to it.
santas biggest problem is	weight.
santas biggest problem is	time.
santas biggest problem is	going down chiminy.
santas biggest problem is	weather.
santas biggest problem is	not enough elves.
santas biggest problem is	naughty kids.
one specific part of your body that the doctor might say to take better care of is	heart.
one specific part of your body that the doctor might say to take better care of is	back/spine.
one specific part of your body that the doctor might say to take better care of is	feet.
one specific part of your body that the doctor might say to take better care of is	eyes.
one specific part of your body that the doctor might say to take better care of is	kidneys.
one thing you put in your mouth but do not swallow is	gum.
one thing you put in your mouth but do not swallow is	toothpaste.
one thing you put in your mouth but do not swallow is	mouthwash.
one thing you put in your mouth but do not swallow is	hard candy/ sucker.
one thing people pass out for trick-or-treat, that a child may be disappointed to get is	apple.
one thing people pass out for trick-or-treat, that a child may be disappointed to get is	toothbrush/paste.
one thing people pass out for trick-or-treat, that a child may be disappointed to get is	pennies.
one thing people pass out for trick-or-treat, that a child may be disappointed to get is	raisins.
one part of the body that's often sore after exercise is	legs.
one part of the body that's often sore after exercise is	arms.
one part of the body that's often sore after exercise is	back.
one part of the body that's often sore after exercise is	stomach.
one part of the body that's often sore after exercise is	butt.
one thing thats usually fruitflavored is	gum/candy.
one thing thats usually fruitflavored is	juice.
one thing thats usually fruitflavored is	jell o.
one thing thats usually fruitflavored is	soda.
one thing thats usually fruitflavored is	ice cream.
one place where you nap just to pass the time is	at home.
one place where you nap just to pass the time is	work.
one place where you nap just to pass the time is	long car/bus ride.
one place where you nap just to pass the time is	airport/plane.
one place where you nap just to pass the time is	park.
one place where you nap just to pass the time is	school.
one place where you nap just to pass the time is	doctor's office.
one thing you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party is	costume.
one thing you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party is	candy.
one thing you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party is	decorations.
one thing you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party is	music.
one thing you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party is	pumpkin.
one thing you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party is	drinks.
one thing you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party is	apples.
one thing cartoon villains are always doing that lets you know they're bad is	evil laugh.
one thing cartoon villains are always doing that lets you know they're bad is	stealing.
one thing cartoon villains are always doing that lets you know they're bad is	fighting.
one thing cartoon villains are always doing that lets you know they're bad is	killing.
one thing cartoon villains are always doing that lets you know they're bad is	taking over world.
one thing cartoon villains are always doing that lets you know they're bad is	wearing black.
one cartoon character that can fly is	dumbo.
one cartoon character that can fly is	tinkerbell.
one cartoon character that can fly is	peter pan.
one cartoon character that can fly is	mighty mouse.
one thing that even adults hate to share is	money.
one thing that even adults hate to share is	food.
one thing that even adults hate to share is	bed.
one thing that even adults hate to share is	bathroom.
one thing that even adults hate to share is	clothes.
one thing that even adults hate to share is	secrets.
one thing kids would play with outside in summer is	ball.
one thing kids would play with outside in summer is	pool.
one thing kids would play with outside in summer is	bike.
one thing kids would play with outside in summer is	sprinkler/hose.
one thing nice you get sick of saying during the holidays is	merry christmas.
one thing nice you get sick of saying during the holidays is	thank you.
one thing nice you get sick of saying during the holidays is	great to see you.
one thing you might use a flashlight while doing is	camping.
one thing you might use a flashlight while doing is	searching for something.
one thing you might use a flashlight while doing is	reading.
one thing you might use a flashlight while doing is	hiking.
one thing you might use a flashlight while doing is	fixing a car.
one thing a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech is	fly is open.
one thing a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech is	burp.
one thing a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech is	get laughed at.
one thing a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech is	break wind.
one thing a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech is	being heckled.
one thing a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech is	stutter.
one thing a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech is	coughing.
one thing a high school student might join in order to become more popular is	sports.
one thing a high school student might join in order to become more popular is	cheerleading.
one thing a high school student might join in order to become more popular is	band.
one thing a high school student might join in order to become more popular is	student council.
one thing a guy might do when hes with his girlfriend that his buddies might tease him about is	kissing.
one thing a guy might do when hes with his girlfriend that his buddies might tease him about is	holding hands.
one thing a guy might do when hes with his girlfriend that his buddies might tease him about is	crying at a movie.
one thing a guy might do when hes with his girlfriend that his buddies might tease him about is	go shopping.
one thing a guy might do when hes with his girlfriend that his buddies might tease him about is	hold door open.
one hobby whose participants are also called geeks is	chess.
one hobby whose participants are also called geeks is	computer.
one hobby whose participants are also called geeks is	video games.
one hobby whose participants are also called geeks is	math.
one hobby whose participants are also called geeks is	band.
one thing you wouldnt leave in you car on a hot day is	dog.
one thing you wouldnt leave in you car on a hot day is	child.
one thing you wouldnt leave in you car on a hot day is	chocolate.
one thing you wouldnt leave in you car on a hot day is	ice cream.
one thing you wouldnt leave in you car on a hot day is	milk.
one thing a customer might do to annoy a waitress is	send food back.
one thing a customer might do to annoy a waitress is	not tip.
one thing a customer might do to annoy a waitress is	flirt.
one thing a customer might do to annoy a waitress is	snap fingers.
one thing a customer might do to annoy a waitress is	spill drinks.
one thing in your car that can be turned on and off is	radio.
one thing in your car that can be turned on and off is	engine.
one thing in your car that can be turned on and off is	lights.
one thing in your car that can be turned on and off is	heater/ac.
one thing in your car that can be turned on and off is	wipers.
one thing a child does to prove they're too sick for school is	cough.
one thing a child does to prove they're too sick for school is	vomit.
one thing a child does to prove they're too sick for school is	cry.
one thing a child does to prove they're too sick for school is	take temperature.
one thing you put on your face that youd never dream of putting on your feet is	makeup.
one thing you put on your face that youd never dream of putting on your feet is	lotion.
one thing you put on your face that youd never dream of putting on your feet is	cold cream.
one thing you put on your face that youd never dream of putting on your feet is	mask.
one thing a criminal might do to avoid being recognized in a police line-up is	shave.
one thing a criminal might do to avoid being recognized in a police line-up is	look down.
one thing a criminal might do to avoid being recognized in a police line-up is	cut hair.
one thing a criminal might do to avoid being recognized in a police line-up is	smile.
one thing a criminal might do to avoid being recognized in a police line-up is	dye hair.
one thing a criminal might do to avoid being recognized in a police line-up is	wear a disguise.
one thing youd see a lot of in california is	beaches.
one thing youd see a lot of in california is	palm trees.
one thing youd see a lot of in california is	sun.
one thing youd see a lot of in california is	movie stars.
one thing youd see a lot of in california is	artists.
one thing youd see a lot of in california is	cars.
one thing youd see a lot of in california is	blondes.
one occupation in which you'd probably go through a lot of sunscreen is	lifeguard.
one occupation in which you'd probably go through a lot of sunscreen is	road construction.
one occupation in which you'd probably go through a lot of sunscreen is	land scaper/gardener.
one occupation in which you'd probably go through a lot of sunscreen is	farmer.
one occupation in which you'd probably go through a lot of sunscreen is	roofer.
one specific type of business that usually has an atm inside is	bank.
one specific type of business that usually has an atm inside is	grocery store.
one specific type of business that usually has an atm inside is	gas station.
one specific type of business that usually has an atm inside is	convenience store.
one specific type of business that usually has an atm inside is	bar.
one specific type of business that usually has an atm inside is	casino.
one specific type of business that usually has an atm inside is	restaurant.
one thing people wear that only comes in one size is	hat.
one thing people wear that only comes in one size is	glasses.
one thing people wear that only comes in one size is	scarf.
one thing people wear that only comes in one size is	gloves.
one thing people wear that only comes in one size is	tie.
one thing that might be hard to do while pregnant is	run.
one thing that might be hard to do while pregnant is	bend over.
one thing that might be hard to do while pregnant is	tie shoes.
one thing that might be hard to do while pregnant is	sleep.
one thing that might be hard to do while pregnant is	exercise.
one thing that might be hard to do while pregnant is	walk.
one sport where players lose teeth is	hockey.
one sport where players lose teeth is	boxing.
one sport where players lose teeth is	football.
one sport where players lose teeth is	baseball.
one sport where players lose teeth is	wrestling.
one thing you see or hear that reminds you of an ex is	song.
one thing you see or hear that reminds you of an ex is	voice.
one thing you see or hear that reminds you of an ex is	photo.
one thing you see or hear that reminds you of an ex is	movie.
one thing you see or hear that reminds you of an ex is	name.
one thing you see or hear that reminds you of an ex is	car.
one thing people wear to avoid a sunburn is	sunscreen.
one thing people wear to avoid a sunburn is	hat.
one thing people wear to avoid a sunburn is	shirt/coverup.
one type of cheese with a funny name is	mozzarella.
one type of cheese with a funny name is	limburger.
one type of cheese with a funny name is	roquefort.
one type of cheese with a funny name is	muenster.
one type of cheese with a funny name is	provolone.
one type of cheese with a funny name is	brie.
one type of cheese with a funny name is	gorgonzola.
one thing a radio dj might accidentally do if he didn't know he was on the air is	swear.
one thing a radio dj might accidentally do if he didn't know he was on the air is	burp.
one thing a radio dj might accidentally do if he didn't know he was on the air is	lose temper.
one thing a radio dj might accidentally do if he didn't know he was on the air is	cough.
one reason you might be driving more cautiously than normal is	rain.
one reason you might be driving more cautiously than normal is	children on board.
one reason you might be driving more cautiously than normal is	snow.
one reason you might be driving more cautiously than normal is	accident ahead.
one reason you might be driving more cautiously than normal is	driver's test.
one thing that people normally dont pay cash for is	car.
one thing that people normally dont pay cash for is	gas.
one thing that people normally dont pay cash for is	house.
one thing that people normally dont pay cash for is	food.
one thing parents always seem to be buying for their kids is	clothes.
one thing parents always seem to be buying for their kids is	shoes.
one thing parents always seem to be buying for their kids is	toys.
one thing parents always seem to be buying for their kids is	school supplies.
one thing parents always seem to be buying for their kids is	candy.
one thing parents always seem to be buying for their kids is	food.
one food that comes in a box is	cereal.
one food that comes in a box is	macaroni and cheese.
one food that comes in a box is	crackers.
one food that comes in a box is	hamburger helper.
one food that comes in a box is	donuts.
one food that comes in a box is	popcorn.
one food that comes in a box is	pizza.
one profession that has to worry about getting sued is	doctor.
one profession that has to worry about getting sued is	lawyer.
one profession that has to worry about getting sued is	police officer.
one animal that's known for eating garbage is	racoon.
one animal that's known for eating garbage is	rat.
one animal that's known for eating garbage is	dog.
one animal that's known for eating garbage is	pig.
one animal that's known for eating garbage is	bear.
one animal that's known for eating garbage is	goat.
one thing specific farmers grow in their fields is	corn.
one thing specific farmers grow in their fields is	wheat.
one thing specific farmers grow in their fields is	cotton.
one thing specific farmers grow in their fields is	carrots.
one thing specific farmers grow in their fields is	tomatoes.
one profession where an engaged woman might remove her extravagant ring before work is	cook/baker.
one profession where an engaged woman might remove her extravagant ring before work is	doctor.
one profession where an engaged woman might remove her extravagant ring before work is	exotic dancer.
one profession where an engaged woman might remove her extravagant ring before work is	hair stylist.
one profession where an engaged woman might remove her extravagant ring before work is	actor/model.
one profession where an engaged woman might remove her extravagant ring before work is	dishwasher.
one thing people do to their food that makes it unhealthy is	add salt.
one thing people do to their food that makes it unhealthy is	fry it.
one thing people do to their food that makes it unhealthy is	put sugar on top.
one thing people do to their food that makes it unhealthy is	butter it.
one thing a telemarketer probably hates about their job is	people hanging up.
one thing a telemarketer probably hates about their job is	rude people.
one thing a telemarketer probably hates about their job is	getting rejected.
one thing a telemarketer probably hates about their job is	making phone calls.
one thing a telemarketer probably hates about their job is	asking questions.
one thing a telemarketer probably hates about their job is	boring.
one board game people give as a holiday gift is	monopoly.
one board game people give as a holiday gift is	sorry.
one place where you often end up overeating is	buffet/restaurant.
one place where you often end up overeating is	home/mom's house.
one place where you often end up overeating is	party.
one place where you often end up overeating is	wedding.
one complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have is	doors slammed in face.
one complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have is	no sales.
one complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have is	too much walking.
one complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have is	feel hurt.
one complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have is	no one answers door.
one complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have is	rude people.
one complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have is	rejection.
one thing teens think they understand long before they really do is	love.
one thing teens think they understand long before they really do is	life.
one thing teens think they understand long before they really do is	money.
one thing teens think they understand long before they really do is	safe driving.
one place where youd be mortified if your cell phone went off is	church.
one place where youd be mortified if your cell phone went off is	funeral.
one place where youd be mortified if your cell phone went off is	movies.
one place where youd be mortified if your cell phone went off is	job interview.
one place where youd be mortified if your cell phone went off is	wedding.
one thing modern a homemaker from 100 years ago would have loved to have in the kitchen is	microwave.
one thing modern a homemaker from 100 years ago would have loved to have in the kitchen is	dishwasher.
one thing modern a homemaker from 100 years ago would have loved to have in the kitchen is	fridge.
one thing modern a homemaker from 100 years ago would have loved to have in the kitchen is	blender.
one sport whose athletes wear hats is	baseball.
one sport whose athletes wear hats is	golf.
one sport whose athletes wear hats is	tennis.
one sport whose athletes wear hats is	swimming.
one sport whose athletes wear hats is	skiing.
one thing santa does that you wouldn't want your house guest to do is	come down chimney.
one thing santa does that you wouldn't want your house guest to do is	eat your coookies.
one thing santa does that you wouldn't want your house guest to do is	arrive late at night.
one creature who would be rich if they were paid for all the work they seem to do is	ant.
one creature who would be rich if they were paid for all the work they seem to do is	beaver.
one creature who would be rich if they were paid for all the work they seem to do is	horse.
one creature who would be rich if they were paid for all the work they seem to do is	bee.
one word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point is	wow.
one word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point is	hey/hi.
one word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point is	stop/no.
one word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point is	what.
one word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point is	help.
one word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point is	oh my.
one word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point is	yes/yeah.
one thing that kids and some adults both collect is	coins.
one thing that kids and some adults both collect is	baseball cards.
one thing that kids and some adults both collect is	stamps.
one thing that kids and some adults both collect is	comic books.
one thing that kids and some adults both collect is	toys.
one thing that kids and some adults both collect is	records.
one thing that has bubbles in it is	soda.
one thing that has bubbles in it is	champagne.
one thing that has bubbles in it is	bubble bath.
one thing that has bubbles in it is	soap.
one thing that has bubbles in it is	dishwashing liquid.
one thing you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island is	work.
one thing you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island is	tv.
one thing you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island is	traffic.
one thing you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island is	bills.
one thing you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island is	telephone.
one thing you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island is	people.
one thing you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island is	housework.
some activities people do on christmas that they dont do on other holidays is	exchange gifts.
some activities people do on christmas that they dont do on other holidays is	sing.
some activities people do on christmas that they dont do on other holidays is	go to church.
some activities people do on christmas that they dont do on other holidays is	decorate.
the high school subject you use least often today is	advanced math.
the high school subject you use least often today is	science.
the high school subject you use least often today is	history.
the high school subject you use least often today is	art.
the high school subject you use least often today is	foreign language.
one activity that could be described as "wholesome" is	religous activity.
one activity that could be described as "wholesome" is	sports.
one activity that could be described as "wholesome" is	reading.
one activity that could be described as "wholesome" is	family meals.
one activity that could be described as "wholesome" is	board games.
one activity that could be described as "wholesome" is	baking/cooking.
one reason you might have to get a change for a dollar is	make a phone call.
one reason you might have to get a change for a dollar is	vending machine.
one reason you might have to get a change for a dollar is	parking meter.
one reason you might have to get a change for a dollar is	bus fare.
one reason you might have to get a change for a dollar is	newspaper machine.
one thing people trade is	cars.
one thing people trade is	trading cards.
one thing people trade is	phone numbers.
one thing people trade is	dance partners.
one thing people trade is	stocks.
one thing people trade is	secrets.
one thing you might do if your friend got bitten by a snake is	call 911.
one thing you might do if your friend got bitten by a snake is	suck out venom.
one thing you might do if your friend got bitten by a snake is	run and get help.
one thing you might do if your friend got bitten by a snake is	take them to hospital.
one thing you might do if your friend got bitten by a snake is	call a doctor.
one thing you might do if your friend got bitten by a snake is	scream.
one thing people buy, and then don't know how to use is	computer.
one thing people buy, and then don't know how to use is	cell phone.
one thing people buy, and then don't know how to use is	tv.
one thing people buy, and then don't know how to use is	camera.
one thing people buy, and then don't know how to use is	dvd player.
one thing people buy, and then don't know how to use is	car.
one thing some kids need to have in order to sleep is	blanket.
one thing some kids need to have in order to sleep is	teddy bear.
one thing some kids need to have in order to sleep is	night light.
one thing some kids need to have in order to sleep is	milk.
one thing some kids need to have in order to sleep is	bedtime story.
one thing some kids need to have in order to sleep is	pacifier.
one thing a parent might do to help their baby fall asleep is	sing lullaby.
one thing a parent might do to help their baby fall asleep is	rock them.
one thing a parent might do to help their baby fall asleep is	feed them.
one thing a parent might do to help their baby fall asleep is	read to them.
one kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married is	blender.
one kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married is	toaster.
one kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married is	mixer.
one kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married is	dishwasher.
one kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married is	pan.
one kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married is	knife.
one kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married is	spatula.
one thing that runs, but doesn't have legs is	cars.
one thing that runs, but doesn't have legs is	toilet/sink.
one thing that runs, but doesn't have legs is	refrigerator.
one thing that runs, but doesn't have legs is	nose.
one phrase that often appears in children's stories is	once upon a time.
one phrase that often appears in children's stories is	the end.
one phrase that often appears in children's stories is	happily ever after.
one city in the us that people visit for the holidays is	new york.
one city in the us that people visit for the holidays is	las vegas.
one city in the us that people visit for the holidays is	chicago.
one city in the us that people visit for the holidays is	orlando.
one city in the us that people visit for the holidays is	anaheim.
one city in the us that people visit for the holidays is	miami.
one favor you hate having to ask friends for is	borrow money.
one favor you hate having to ask friends for is	use car.
one favor you hate having to ask friends for is	help moving.
one favor you hate having to ask friends for is	babysitting.
one thing that kids play in but an adult would not is	mud/dirt.
one thing that kids play in but an adult would not is	sandbox.
one thing that kids play in but an adult would not is	kiddie pool.
one thing that kids play in but an adult would not is	ball pit.
one thing that kids play in but an adult would not is	tree/playhouse.
one thing that kids play in but an adult would not is	bath tub.
one thing a car can't run without is	gas.
one thing a car can't run without is	engine.
one place where youd least expect to see a superhero is	jail.
one place where youd least expect to see a superhero is	place of worship.
one place where youd least expect to see a superhero is	mall.
one place where youd least expect to see a superhero is	bar.
one place where youd least expect to see a superhero is	grocery store.
one thing that an adventurous person might try while at the beach is	surfing.
one thing that an adventurous person might try while at the beach is	skinny dipping.
one thing that an adventurous person might try while at the beach is	scuba diving.
one thing that an adventurous person might try while at the beach is	parasailing.
one thing that an adventurous person might try while at the beach is	snorkeling.
one thing that an adventurous person might try while at the beach is	wartersking.
one thing that an adventurous person might try while at the beach is	jet sking.
one type of business in which you might have to work over the holidays is	retail.
one type of business in which you might have to work over the holidays is	police officer.
one type of business in which you might have to work over the holidays is	medical profession.
one type of business in which you might have to work over the holidays is	postal work.
one type of business in which you might have to work over the holidays is	hotel industry.
one thing specific about santa that causes children to be afraid of him at the mall is	beard.
one thing specific about santa that causes children to be afraid of him at the mall is	size.
one thing specific about santa that causes children to be afraid of him at the mall is	hearty laugh.
one thing specific about santa that causes children to be afraid of him at the mall is	stranger.
one thing specific about santa that causes children to be afraid of him at the mall is	deep voice.
one comic book kids love to collect is	superman.
one comic book kids love to collect is	batman.
one movie people like to watch at christmas is	a christmas story.
one movie people like to watch at christmas is	send us your answers!.
one thing you'd see at a very fancy restaurant you'd never expect to see at mcdonalds is	server.
one thing you'd see at a very fancy restaurant you'd never expect to see at mcdonalds is	candle.
one expression that includes the word "dog" is	gone.
one expression that includes the word "dog" is	hotdog.
one expression that includes the word "dog" is	dirty dog.
one expression that includes the word "dog" is	days.
one expression that includes the word "dog" is	eat dog.
one expression that includes the word "dog" is	house.
one thing you might ask a professional to install in your kitchen is	dishwasher.
one thing you might ask a professional to install in your kitchen is	stove.
one thing you are worried you do not get enough of is	sleep.
one thing you are worried you do not get enough of is	money.
one place in the house where people store their junk is	closet.
one place in the house where people store their junk is	garage.
one place in the house where people store their junk is	attic.
one reason you might send a bowl of soup back is	cold.
one reason you might send a bowl of soup back is	doesn't taste good.
one food you sometimes accidentally swallow whole is	grape.
one food you sometimes accidentally swallow whole is	pasta.
one food you sometimes accidentally swallow whole is	gum.
one food you sometimes accidentally swallow whole is	pea.
one food you sometimes accidentally swallow whole is	candy.
one food you sometimes accidentally swallow whole is	peanut.
one appliance you do not use often is	blender.
one appliance you do not use often is	oven.
one thing that gets accidentally run over by a lawn mower is	toy.
one thing that gets accidentally run over by a lawn mower is	person/foot.
one thing that gets accidentally run over by a lawn mower is	hose/sprinkler.
one thing that gets accidentally run over by a lawn mower is	flower.
one reason a woman might be looking better than ever is	diet.
one reason a woman might be looking better than ever is	new hairstyle.
one reason a woman might be looking better than ever is	love.
one reason a woman might be looking better than ever is	pregnant.
one reason a woman might be looking better than ever is	happy.
one school subject you don't know much about is	math.
one school subject you don't know much about is	science.
one school subject you don't know much about is	history.
one school subject you don't know much about is	foreign language.
one school subject you don't know much about is	art.
one school subject you don't know much about is	english.
one school subject you don't know much about is	home economics.
one flavor that they might add to a snow cone is	cherry.
one flavor that they might add to a snow cone is	watermelon.
one thing you might decorate your work desk with is	send us your answers!.
one thing you might decorate your work desk with is	pictures.
one thing people do in the water at a lake is	swim.
one thing people do in the water at a lake is	water ski.
one thing embarrassing that might happen while you are laughing is	wet pants.
one thing embarrassing that might happen while you are laughing is	snort.
one job you should avoid if you are afraid of public speaking is	send us your answers!.
one job you should avoid if you are afraid of public speaking is	politician.
one thing you hit or kick to get it to work is	tv.
one thing you hit or kick to get it to work is	vending machine.
one thing you hit or kick to get it to work is	ball.
one thing you hit or kick to get it to work is	car.
one thing you hit or kick to get it to work is	vacuum.
one thing you hit or kick to get it to work is	radio.
one thing that will melt if you leave it in the sun too long is	ice cream.
one thing that will melt if you leave it in the sun too long is	ice.
one sport that can only be played outdoors during the winter is	hockey.
one sport that can only be played outdoors during the winter is	skiing.
one word that most people yell at their dogs is	no.
one word that most people yell at their dogs is	bad.
one country that you still feel it's safe to travel to is	canada.
one country that you still feel it's safe to travel to is	england.
one country that you still feel it's safe to travel to is	france.
one country that you still feel it's safe to travel to is	australia.
one country that you still feel it's safe to travel to is	usa.
one country that you still feel it's safe to travel to is	china.
one thing people collect today that might be worth a lot tomorrow is	money.
one thing people collect today that might be worth a lot tomorrow is	baseball cards.
one thing you would hate to lose is	money.
one thing you would hate to lose is	keys.
one type of book that people do not read for pleasure is	dictionary.
one type of book that people do not read for pleasure is	bible.
one place you're more likely to visit if you have kids is	zoo.
one place you're more likely to visit if you have kids is	disneyland.
one thing that might be spoiled is	food.
one thing that might be spoiled is	milk.
one piece of sports equipment that you only use once is	jock strap.
one piece of sports equipment that you only use once is	mouth guard.
one animal you would find on a farm is	cow.
one animal you would find on a farm is	chicken.
one job that's still primarily held by women is	nurse.
one job that's still primarily held by women is	receptionist.
one famous book of the bible that people study in bible class is	genesis.
one famous book of the bible that people study in bible class is	revelation.
one thing that might come with your new computer is	printer.
one thing that might come with your new computer is	mouse.
the first person you call when you have great news is	parent.
the first person you call when you have great news is	spouse.
one place where it is rude to take out your cell phone is	cinema.
one place where it is rude to take out your cell phone is	church.
one thing a rapper might wear that you'll never see al gore wearing is	baggy pants.
one thing a rapper might wear that you'll never see al gore wearing is	gold chain.
one situation where you might need to wear ear plugs is	send us your answers!.
one situation where you might need to wear ear plugs is	concerts.
one dairy item that's sold as non-fat is	milk.
one dairy item that's sold as non-fat is	cheese.
one excuse one person might give for why they're dancing badly is	too much to drink.
one excuse one person might give for why they're dancing badly is	bad joints.
one singer who's famous for not just a sexy voice, but sexy moves as well is	jennifer lopez.
one singer who's famous for not just a sexy voice, but sexy moves as well is	elvis presley.
one singer who's famous for not just a sexy voice, but sexy moves as well is	michael jackson.
one singer who's famous for not just a sexy voice, but sexy moves as well is	tina turner.
one thing you'd hate to see in the ocean next to you is	shark.
one thing you'd hate to see in the ocean next to you is	jellyfish.
one thing that might be described as hot is	fire.
one thing that might be described as hot is	stove/oven.
one thing that might be described as hot is	sun/climate.
one thing that might be described as hot is	coffee.
one thing that might be described as hot is	person.
one thing that might be described as hot is	tea.
one piece of furniture you might see in one person's living room is	send us your answers!.
one piece of furniture you might see in one person's living room is	couch.
one activity that many people do while half asleep is	watch tv.
one activity that many people do while half asleep is	snore.
one activity that many people do while half asleep is	talk.
one activity that many people do while half asleep is	walk.
one activity that many people do while half asleep is	make love.
one activity that many people do while half asleep is	read.
one thing men need courage to do is	propose.
one thing men need courage to do is	ask woman out.
one thing men need courage to do is	fight.
one thing men need courage to do is	cry.
one thing men need courage to do is	get married.
one thing men need courage to do is	cook.
the age most middle age men would like to return to is	25.
the age most middle age men would like to return to is	21.
one thing in the house that slobs hardly ever use is	vacuum.
one thing in the house that slobs hardly ever use is	broom.
one thing in the house that slobs hardly ever use is	shower/bathtub.
one thing in the house that slobs hardly ever use is	soap/detergent.
one thing in the house that slobs hardly ever use is	trash can.
one thing in the house that slobs hardly ever use is	napkin.
one sport where your main goal would be to stay alive is	bull fighting.
one sport where your main goal would be to stay alive is	boxing.
one sport where your main goal would be to stay alive is	mix martial arts.
one sport where your main goal would be to stay alive is	auto racing.
one sport where your main goal would be to stay alive is	hunting.
one sport where your main goal would be to stay alive is	sky diving.
your favorite filling in a holiday candy is	carmel.
your favorite filling in a holiday candy is	cherry.
your favorite filling in a holiday candy is	peanut butter.
one thing one person in a relationship does too soon that scares the other one away is	talk marriage.
one thing one person in a relationship does too soon that scares the other one away is	say i love you.
one thing people do when they want to look better is	change hair.
one thing people do when they want to look better is	lose weight.
one thing healthy that might be found in a cookie is	oatmeal.
one thing healthy that might be found in a cookie is	nuts.
one place people go to see fireworks on new year's eve is	park.
one place people go to see fireworks on new year's eve is	downtown.
one thing that receives a grade is	test.
one thing that receives a grade is	job performance.
one circus performer who can't make a single mistake is	lion tamer.
one circus performer who can't make a single mistake is	high wire.
one circus performer who can't make a single mistake is	trapeze.
one breakfast food people might also eat for dinner is	eggs.
one breakfast food people might also eat for dinner is	toast.
one sound you'd hate to hear in the middle of the night is	breaking glass.
one sound you'd hate to hear in the middle of the night is	scream.
one sound you'd hate to hear in the middle of the night is	siren.
one sound you'd hate to hear in the middle of the night is	alarm.
one sound you'd hate to hear in the middle of the night is	phone ringing.
one sound you'd hate to hear in the middle of the night is	dog barking.
one good present to give a werewolf is	a human.
one good present to give a werewolf is	meat.
one good present to give a werewolf is	comb.
one ingredient you would find in trail mix is	nuts.
one ingredient you would find in trail mix is	pretzels.
one thing a couple stops sharing after they get divorced is	bed.
one thing a couple stops sharing after they get divorced is	car.
one dangerous occupation which probably shouldn't observe "take your kids to work day" is	police.
one dangerous occupation which probably shouldn't observe "take your kids to work day" is	fireman.
one thing men buy to wear that don'd try on in a fitting room is	underwear.
one thing men buy to wear that don'd try on in a fitting room is	t-shirts.
one thing a husband always says he's going to do around the house, even though he has no clue how to do it is	clean house.
one thing a husband always says he's going to do around the house, even though he has no clue how to do it is	fix plumbing.
one thing a husband always says he's going to do around the house, even though he has no clue how to do it is	laundry.
one thing a husband always says he's going to do around the house, even though he has no clue how to do it is	change oil.
one thing a husband always says he's going to do around the house, even though he has no clue how to do it is	cook.
one food that taste good hot or cold is	pizza.
one food that taste good hot or cold is	chicken.
one food that taste good hot or cold is	sandwich.
one food that taste good hot or cold is	soup.
one food that taste good hot or cold is	french fries.
one food that taste good hot or cold is	tea.
one man who thinks he's the greatest is	donald trump.
one man who thinks he's the greatest is	tom cruise.
one man who thinks he's the greatest is	george w. bush.
one man who thinks he's the greatest is	muhamad ali.
one man who thinks he's the greatest is	bill clinton.
one man who thinks he's the greatest is	kobe bryant.
one thing a man does to prepare for a date is	shower.
one thing a man does to prepare for a date is	shave.
the most popular christmas song is	jingle bells.
the most popular christmas song is	white christmas.
one thing which people would hate to discover is cracked is	windshield.
one thing which people would hate to discover is cracked is	glass.
one thing which people would hate to discover is cracked is	mirror.
one thing which people would hate to discover is cracked is	eggs.
one thing which people would hate to discover is cracked is	brain.
one thing which people would hate to discover is cracked is	car engine.
one thing which people would hate to discover is cracked is	walls.
one magazine a mother would love to see her son on the cover of is	time.
one magazine a mother would love to see her son on the cover of is	gq.
one magazine a mother would love to see her son on the cover of is	sports illustr'd.
one magazine a mother would love to see her son on the cover of is	fortune.
one magazine a mother would love to see her son on the cover of is	people.
one thing that is found in a pond is	fish.
one thing that is found in a pond is	ducks.
one thing your seat-mate on a plane might be doing that makes you afraid they know something you don't is	nervous.
one thing your seat-mate on a plane might be doing that makes you afraid they know something you don't is	they're praying.
one thing your seat-mate on a plane might be doing that makes you afraid they know something you don't is	look around.
one thing your seat-mate on a plane might be doing that makes you afraid they know something you don't is	buckle seat belt.
one thing your seat-mate on a plane might be doing that makes you afraid they know something you don't is	pull oxygen mask.
one person who wears a robe is	priest.
one person who wears a robe is	pope.
one person who wears a robe is	king.
one person who wears a robe is	dad.
one person who wears a robe is	grandpa.
one person who wears a robe is	queen.
one thing mothers nag their grown children to do is	clean room.
one thing mothers nag their grown children to do is	get married.
one thing mothers nag their grown children to do is	call them.
one thing mothers nag their grown children to do is	come over more.
one thing mothers nag their grown children to do is	get a job.
one thing mothers nag their grown children to do is	eat.
one thing a famous actor might buy to show off their money is	mansion.
one thing a famous actor might buy to show off their money is	car.
one thing a famous actor might buy to show off their money is	diamond jewelry.
one thing that might be pinned to a shirt is	name tag.
one thing that might be pinned to a shirt is	broach.
the funniest man working in movies today is	jim carrey.
the funniest man working in movies today is	will smith.
the funniest man working in movies today is	martin lawrence.
the funniest man working in movies today is	eddie murphy.
the funniest man working in movies today is	chris rock.
one thing a zoo gorilla might do if he wanted to get your attention is	bang on his chest.
one thing a zoo gorilla might do if he wanted to get your attention is	grunt.
one decision people make that will affect their entire life is	marriage.
one decision people make that will affect their entire life is	having kids.
one decision people make that will affect their entire life is	career.
one decision people make that will affect their entire life is	education.
one decision people make that will affect their entire life is	buying a house.
one decision people make that will affect their entire life is	retirement.
one celebrity you would like to take a road trip with is	oprah winfrey.
one celebrity you would like to take a road trip with is	brad pitt.
one celebrity you would like to take a road trip with is	johnny depp.
one celebrity you would like to take a road trip with is	george clooney.
one celebrity you would like to take a road trip with is	jennifer aniston.
one celebrity you would like to take a road trip with is	kevin hart.
one thing a bride worries might happen on her wedding day is	groom does not show.
one thing a bride worries might happen on her wedding day is	rain.
one thing a bride worries might happen on her wedding day is	dress doesn't fit.
one thing people do to prevent wrinkles is	cream.
one thing people do to prevent wrinkles is	facelift.
one thing people do to prevent wrinkles is	no sun.
one thing people do to prevent wrinkles is	iron.
one thing people do to prevent wrinkles is	botox.
one thing people do to prevent wrinkles is	smile less.
one thing people do to prevent wrinkles is	facials.
one way people got around before cars were invented is	horseback.
one way people got around before cars were invented is	walking.
one fruit you might buy and let ripen at home is	banana.
one fruit you might buy and let ripen at home is	tomato.
one fruit you might buy and let ripen at home is	peach.
one fruit you might buy and let ripen at home is	pear.
one fruit you might buy and let ripen at home is	apple.
one fruit you might buy and let ripen at home is	avocado.
one fruit you might buy and let ripen at home is	cantaloupe.
one thing you've always dreamed of owning is	house.
one thing you've always dreamed of owning is	car.
one thing you've always dreamed of owning is	boat.
one thing you've always dreamed of owning is	swimming pool.
one thing you've always dreamed of owning is	my own business.
one thing you've always dreamed of owning is	fur coat.
the age when a woman goes from being a "babe" to a "ma'am" is	thirty.
the age when a woman goes from being a "babe" to a "ma'am" is	twenty-five.
the age when a woman goes from being a "babe" to a "ma'am" is	twenty-seven.
the age when a woman goes from being a "babe" to a "ma'am" is	twenty-nine.
the age when a woman goes from being a "babe" to a "ma'am" is	twenty-eight.
the age when a woman goes from being a "babe" to a "ma'am" is	twenty-six.
one thing only a compulsively neat person irons is	undergarments.
one thing only a compulsively neat person irons is	socks.
one thing only a compulsively neat person irons is	linens.
one thing only a compulsively neat person irons is	shirts.
one thing parents teach their kids in the summer is	swim.
one thing parents teach their kids in the summer is	ride a bike.
one thing parents teach their kids in the summer is	how to read.
one thing parents teach their kids in the summer is	throw a ball.
one thing holland is famous for is	tulips.
one thing holland is famous for is	wooden shoes.
one thing holland is famous for is	cheese.
one thing holland is famous for is	windmills.
one thing a guy saves money on if he's bald is	shampoo.
one thing a guy saves money on if he's bald is	haircut.
one thing a guy saves money on if he's bald is	comb.
one thing a guy saves money on if he's bald is	hair gel.
one thing a guy saves money on if he's bald is	hair spray.
one thing a guy saves money on if he's bald is	hat.
one thing a guy saves money on if he's bald is	transplant.
one thing a guy saves money on if he's bald is	rogaine.
one cartoon tv show that grown-ups like watching too is	the simpsons.
one cartoon tv show that grown-ups like watching too is	looney tunes.
one cartoon tv show that grown-ups like watching too is	flintstones.
one cartoon tv show that grown-ups like watching too is	south park.
one cartoon tv show that grown-ups like watching too is	king of the hill.
one cartoon tv show that grown-ups like watching too is	jetsons.
one thing that expires is	coupons.
one thing that expires is	milk.
one thing that expires is	meat.
one thing that expires is	parking meter.
one thing that expires is	driver's license.
one thing that expires is	credit cards.
one occasion when parents let their kids eat candy is	halloween.
one occasion when parents let their kids eat candy is	easter.
one occasion when parents let their kids eat candy is	christmas.
one thing you need to go fishing is	fishing rods.
one thing you need to go fishing is	bait.
one thing you need to go fishing is	hook.
one thing you need to go fishing is	lures.
one thing a parent tells their child not to touch is	stove.
one thing a parent tells their child not to touch is	matches.
one thing a parent tells their child not to touch is	tv.
one thing a parent tells their child not to touch is	glass.
one thing women love to share with their friends is	gossip.
one thing women love to share with their friends is	food.
one thing women love to share with their friends is	clothes.
one thing women love to share with their friends is	shopping tips.
one thing women love to share with their friends is	makeup.
one thing women love to share with their friends is	time.
one thing people do on facebook is	upload content.
one thing people do on facebook is	chat.
one thing people do on facebook is	play games.
one thing people do on facebook is	stalk.
one thing people do on facebook is	find people.
one reason you might go without tv for a week is	broken tv.
one reason you might go without tv for a week is	cable/power out.
one reason you might go without tv for a week is	punishment.
one reason you might go without tv for a week is	on vacation.
one reason you might go without tv for a week is	unpaid elec. bill.
one reason you might go without tv for a week is	nothing good on.
one reason you might go without tv for a week is	gave up for lent.
one thing you need to set a table is	cutlery.
one thing you need to set a table is	tablecloth.
one thing you need to set a table is	plates.
one thing you need to set a table is	placemats.
one thing you need to set a table is	a table.
one person whose job it is to care for people is	nurse.
one person whose job it is to care for people is	doctor.
one person whose job it is to care for people is	mother.
one person whose job it is to care for people is	caregiver.
one thing on a highway that does not move is	speed limit sign.
one thing on a highway that does not move is	road.
one thing on a highway that does not move is	street lines.
one thing on a highway that does not move is	guardrail.
one game you might win a lot of money playing is	the lottery.
one game you might win a lot of money playing is	poker.
one game you might win a lot of money playing is	family feud.
one game you might win a lot of money playing is	who wants to be a millionaire.
one game you might win a lot of money playing is	blackjack.
one occasion that grandparents always show up for is	birthday.
one occasion that grandparents always show up for is	graduation.
one occasion that grandparents always show up for is	christmas.
one occasion that grandparents always show up for is	wedding.
one occasion that grandparents always show up for is	anniversary.
one occasion that grandparents always show up for is	baptism.
one thing a man says he's great at when he's actually just ok is	kissing/intimacy.
one thing a man says he's great at when he's actually just ok is	sports.
one thing a man says he's great at when he's actually just ok is	parking.
one thing a man says he's great at when he's actually just ok is	dancing.
one thing a man says he's great at when he's actually just ok is	cooking.
one thing a man says he's great at when he's actually just ok is	fixing things.
one celebrity you would like to switch spouses with is	angelina jolie.
one celebrity you would like to switch spouses with is	brad pitt.
one celebrity you would like to switch spouses with is	jay-z.
one celebrity you would like to switch spouses with is	jada pinkett smith.
one celebrity you would like to switch spouses with is	tom cruise.
one thing that's rude to cancel at the last minute is	date.
one thing that's rude to cancel at the last minute is	party.
one thing that's rude to cancel at the last minute is	doctor's appointment.
one thing that's rude to cancel at the last minute is	food.
one thing that's rude to cancel at the last minute is	hair appointment.
one specific food or drink that is most responsible for the size of your belly is	beer.
one specific food or drink that is most responsible for the size of your belly is	soda.
one specific food or drink that is most responsible for the size of your belly is	ice cream.
one specific food or drink that is most responsible for the size of your belly is	pizza.
one specific food or drink that is most responsible for the size of your belly is	chips.
one specific food or drink that is most responsible for the size of your belly is	donuts.
one thing that most kids would eat until they ate themselves sick is	candy.
one thing that most kids would eat until they ate themselves sick is	ice cream.
one thing that most kids would eat until they ate themselves sick is	pizza.
one thing that most kids would eat until they ate themselves sick is	chocolate.
one thing that most kids would eat until they ate themselves sick is	cookies.
one thing that most kids would eat until they ate themselves sick is	cake.
one thing a guy might take with him to a poker game is	money.
one thing a guy might take with him to a poker game is	beer.
one slang word for "stomach" is	gut.
one slang word for "stomach" is	belly.
one slang word for "stomach" is	tummy.
one slang word for "stomach" is	abs.
one slang word for "stomach" is	bread backet.
one beloved cartoon character from your childhood is	bugs bunny.
one beloved cartoon character from your childhood is	mickey mouse.
one beloved cartoon character from your childhood is	scooby-doo.
one beloved cartoon character from your childhood is	tweety.
one beloved cartoon character from your childhood is	winnie the pooh.
one thing a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse is	donkey.
one thing a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse is	bull.
one thing a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse is	motorcycle.
one thing a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse is	truck.
one thing a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse is	train.
one thing a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse is	another horse.
one thing a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse is	bicycle.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of water is	lifeguard.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of water is	scuba diver.
one industry where a worker's strike would be inconvenient is	health care.
one industry where a worker's strike would be inconvenient is	teacher.
one industry where a worker's strike would be inconvenient is	sanitation.
one industry where a worker's strike would be inconvenient is	airline.
one industry where a worker's strike would be inconvenient is	transit.
one industry where a worker's strike would be inconvenient is	automotive.
one person americans think of as one of our "founding fathers" is	george washington.
one person americans think of as one of our "founding fathers" is	abraham lincoln.
one person americans think of as one of our "founding fathers" is	thomas jefferson.
one person americans think of as one of our "founding fathers" is	benjamin franklin.
one thing people put in their front yard is	flowers.
one thing people put in their front yard is	trees.
one thing people put in their front yard is	bird bath.
one thing people put in their front yard is	lawn gnomes.
one thing people put in their front yard is	lawn ornaments.
one thing people put in their front yard is	flagpole.
one thing you'd hate to leave on in the house if you went on vacation is	stove.
one thing you'd hate to leave on in the house if you went on vacation is	water running.
one thing you'd hate to leave on in the house if you went on vacation is	iron.
one thing you'd hate to leave on in the house if you went on vacation is	television.
one thing you'd hate to leave on in the house if you went on vacation is	lights.
one thing you'd hate to leave on in the house if you went on vacation is	air conditioner.
one thing a hospital uses to transport patients is	ambulance.
one thing a hospital uses to transport patients is	wheelchair.
one thing a hospital uses to transport patients is	gurney.
one thing a hospital uses to transport patients is	helicopter.
one thing a hospital uses to transport patients is	bed.
one thing a hospital uses to transport patients is	hospital bed.
one thing an author needs to write a book is	pen.
one thing an author needs to write a book is	computer.
one thing an author needs to write a book is	paper.
one thing an author needs to write a book is	ideas.
one thing an author needs to write a book is	typewriter.
one thing an author needs to write a book is	story.
one annoying bug a person might find in their house is	cockroach.
one annoying bug a person might find in their house is	fly.
one annoying bug a person might find in their house is	mosquitoes.
one annoying bug a person might find in their house is	ants.
one annoying bug a person might find in their house is	spider.
one annoying bug a person might find in their house is	bee.
one place that is usually very loud is	concert.
one place that is usually very loud is	bars.
one place that is usually very loud is	ports stadium.
one place that is usually very loud is	night club.
one place that is usually very loud is	mall.
one place that is usually very loud is	airport.
one thing you keep on doing even though you know it's wrong is	unhealthy eating.
one thing you keep on doing even though you know it's wrong is	smoking.
one thing you keep on doing even though you know it's wrong is	lying.
one thing you keep on doing even though you know it's wrong is	cheating on mate.
one thing you keep on doing even though you know it's wrong is	drinking.
one specific part of your body that looks terrible first thing in the morning is	hair.
one specific part of your body that looks terrible first thing in the morning is	face.
one specific part of your body that looks terrible first thing in the morning is	eyes.
one specific part of your body that looks terrible first thing in the morning is	teeth.
one animal you wouldn't want to hug is	porcupine.
one animal you wouldn't want to hug is	skunk.
one animal you wouldn't want to hug is	snake.
one animal you wouldn't want to hug is	hedgehog.
one thing that makes you squint is	sun.
one thing that makes you squint is	small print.
one thing that makes you squint is	light.
one thing that makes you squint is	strong wind.
one thing that makes you squint is	onions.
one thing that makes you squint is	grape fruit.
one thing in the house men use more than women use is	razor.
one thing in the house men use more than women use is	tools.
one thing in the house men use more than women use is	tv.
one thing in the house men use more than women use is	recliner.
one thing in the house men use more than women use is	shower.
one thing in the house men use more than women use is	bathroom.
one thing in the house men use more than women use is	couch.
one thing in the house men use more than women use is	stereo.
one thing in the house men use more than women use is	remote control.
one african country that is known for its wildlife is	kenya.
one african country that is known for its wildlife is	zimbabwe.
one african country that is known for its wildlife is	south africa.
one african country that is known for its wildlife is	nigeria.
one african country that is known for its wildlife is	congo.
one reason why mrs clause might have stayed with santa clause all these years is	she loves him.
one reason why mrs clause might have stayed with santa clause all these years is	gifts.
one reason why mrs clause might have stayed with santa clause all these years is	jolly.
one reason why mrs clause might have stayed with santa clause all these years is	fame.
one thing you should wear if you were trying to dress like a pirate is	eyepatch.
one thing you should wear if you were trying to dress like a pirate is	hat.
one thing you should wear if you were trying to dress like a pirate is	bandana.
one thing you should wear if you were trying to dress like a pirate is	hook.
one play a high schooler might read is	romeo and juliet.
one play a high schooler might read is	hamlet.
one play a high schooler might read is	macbeth.
one play a high schooler might read is	death of a salesman.
one play a high schooler might read is	our town.
one thing you'd better show up on time for is	work/job.
one thing you'd better show up on time for is	wedding.
one thing you'd better show up on time for is	court/jury duty.
one thing you'd better show up on time for is	school activities.
one thing you'd do differently, if you worked from home instead of an office is	casual dress.
one thing you'd do differently, if you worked from home instead of an office is	sleep.
one thing you can often hear, when it's very quiet in church is	coughing.
one thing you can often hear, when it's very quiet in church is	baby.
one thing you can often hear, when it's very quiet in church is	sneezing.
one thing you can often hear, when it's very quiet in church is	talking.
one thing you can often hear, when it's very quiet in church is	snoring.
one thing you can often hear, when it's very quiet in church is	cell phone.
one event on a cruise ship is	music.
one event on a cruise ship is	dance.
one event on a cruise ship is	casino.
one event on a cruise ship is	movies.
one event on a cruise ship is	shuffle board.
one event on a cruise ship is	comedy show.
one thing a man might wear to bed is	boxer shorts.
one thing a man might wear to bed is	pajamas.
one thing a man might wear to bed is	nothing.
one thing a man might wear to bed is	t-shirt.
one activity which requires body contact is	making love.
one activity which requires body contact is	dancing.
one activity which requires body contact is	football.
one activity which requires body contact is	wrestling.
one activity which requires body contact is	boxing.
one activity which requires body contact is	hugging.
one place where you keep pictures of your loved ones is	wallet.
one place where you keep pictures of your loved ones is	photo album.
one place where you keep pictures of your loved ones is	on the wall.
one place where you keep pictures of your loved ones is	computer.
one place where you keep pictures of your loved ones is	living room.
one place where you keep pictures of your loved ones is	desk.
one cereal kids love to eat is	lucky charms.
one cereal kids love to eat is	fruit loops.
one cereal kids love to eat is	cheerios.
one cereal kids love to eat is	frosted flakes.
one cereal kids love to eat is	trix.
one cereal kids love to eat is	cap'n crunch.
one thing you buy for grandfathers at christmas is	socks.
one thing you buy for grandfathers at christmas is	handkerchief.
one thing you buy for grandfathers at christmas is	tie.
one thing you buy for grandfathers at christmas is	chocolates.
one thing you buy for grandfathers at christmas is	books.
one thing you buy for grandfathers at christmas is	whiskey.
the american city you think that the rudest people is	new york.
the american city you think that the rudest people is	los angeles.
the american city you think that the rudest people is	boston.
the american city you think that the rudest people is	chicago.
one united states president who you think could have won on "survivor" is	bill clinton.
one united states president who you think could have won on "survivor" is	barack obama.
one united states president who you think could have won on "survivor" is	abraham lincoln.
one united states president who you think could have won on "survivor" is	ronald reagan.
one united states president who you think could have won on "survivor" is	george w. bush.
one united states president who you think could have won on "survivor" is	john f. kennedy.
one thing people have to empty on a regular basis is	trash can/garbage.
one thing people have to empty on a regular basis is	bladder.
one thing people have to empty on a regular basis is	dishes/dishwasher.
one thing people have to empty on a regular basis is	pockets.
one thing people have to empty on a regular basis is	coffeepot.
one thing most people don't replace until it dies is	battery.
one thing most people don't replace until it dies is	plants/flowers.
one thing most people don't replace until it dies is	pet.
one thing most people don't replace until it dies is	refrigerator.
one thing most people don't replace until it dies is	television.
one thing most people don't replace until it dies is	lightbulb.
one thing most people don't replace until it dies is	car.
one thing you use when you are cleaning the house is	vacuum.
one thing you use when you are cleaning the house is	duster.
one thing you use when you are cleaning the house is	bleach.
one thing you use when you are cleaning the house is	broom.
one thing you use when you are cleaning the house is	windex.
one thing you use when you are cleaning the house is	soap.
one thing you use when you are cleaning the house is	mop.
one common place in the body to pull a muscle is	leg.
one common place in the body to pull a muscle is	hamstring.
one common place in the body to pull a muscle is	back.
one common place in the body to pull a muscle is	neck.
one common place in the body to pull a muscle is	groin.
one thing a child touches that an adult would not is	bugs.
one thing a child touches that an adult would not is	dirt.
one thing a child touches that an adult would not is	worms.
one thing a child touches that an adult would not is	poop.
one thing a child touches that an adult would not is	hot stove.
one thing a child touches that an adult would not is	boogers.
one thing blue is	the sky.
one thing blue is	oceans.
one thing blue is	eyes.
one thing blue is	jeans.
one thing blue is	the smurfs.
one thing a kid hopes he doesn't get for christmas is	clothes.
one thing a kid hopes he doesn't get for christmas is	coal.
one thing a kid hopes he doesn't get for christmas is	no presents.
one thing a kid hopes he doesn't get for christmas is	book.
one thing a kid hopes he doesn't get for christmas is	spanking.
one thing a kid hopes he doesn't get for christmas is	a cold.
one thing you would need if you were exploring the jungle is	knife.
one thing you would need if you were exploring the jungle is	binoculars.
one thing you would need if you were exploring the jungle is	bug repellent.
one thing you would need if you were exploring the jungle is	gun.
one thing you would need if you were exploring the jungle is	boots.
one thing you would need if you were exploring the jungle is	guide.
one thing you would need if you were exploring the jungle is	compass.
one thing you would need if you were exploring the jungle is	jeep.
america's most famous department stores is	macy's.
america's most famous department stores is	walmart.
america's most famous department stores is	sears.
america's most famous department stores is	j.c. penney.
america's most famous department stores is	k mart.
one country that has a lot of desert is	egypt.
one country that has a lot of desert is	saudi arabia.
one country that has a lot of desert is	united states.
one country that has a lot of desert is	iran.
one country that has a lot of desert is	india.
one country that has a lot of desert is	iraq.
one country that has a lot of desert is	australia.
one thing you might be glad only comes once a year is	christmas.
one thing you might be glad only comes once a year is	birthdays.
one thing you might be glad only comes once a year is	tax season.
one thing you might be glad only comes once a year is	anniversary.
one thing you'd see a lot of at disneyland is	mickey mouse.
one thing you'd see a lot of at disneyland is	rides.
one thing you'd see a lot of at disneyland is	tourists.
one thing you'd see a lot of at disneyland is	children.
one sign of their child growing up that parents may have a hard time accepting is	going on dates.
one sign of their child growing up that parents may have a hard time accepting is	puberty.
one sign of their child growing up that parents may have a hard time accepting is	learning to drive.
one sign of their child growing up that parents may have a hard time accepting is	moving out/college.
one sign of their child growing up that parents may have a hard time accepting is	graduation.
one sign of their child growing up that parents may have a hard time accepting is	wearing make-up.
one source of energy people used before oil is	coal.
one source of energy people used before oil is	wood.
one source of energy people used before oil is	water.
one source of energy people used before oil is	wind.
one source of energy people used before oil is	steam.
one person who usually wears a cape is	batman.
one person who usually wears a cape is	superman.
one person who usually wears a cape is	zorro.
one person who usually wears a cape is	witch.
one person who usually wears a cape is	dracula.
one person who usually wears a cape is	magician.
one country where they love to criticize americans is	france.
one country where they love to criticize americans is	iran.
one country where they love to criticize americans is	iraq.
one country where they love to criticize americans is	russia.
one country where they love to criticize americans is	united kingdom.
one country where they love to criticize americans is	canada.
one thing that comes in a huge variety of flavors is	ice cream.
one thing that comes in a huge variety of flavors is	candy.
one thing that comes in a huge variety of flavors is	soft drink.
one thing that comes in a huge variety of flavors is	kool-aid.
one thing that comes in a huge variety of flavors is	gum.
one thing mom doesn't let her kids do that grandma might do is	junk food.
one thing mom doesn't let her kids do that grandma might do is	stay up.
one thing mom doesn't let her kids do that grandma might do is	watch tv.
one thing mom doesn't let her kids do that grandma might do is	mess.
one thing you can count is	money.
one thing you can count is	numbers.
one thing you can count is	finggers.
one thing you can count is	sheep.
one thing you can count is	stars.
one thing you can count is	people.
one animal who should be very worried about global warming is	polar bear.
one animal who should be very worried about global warming is	penguin.
one animal who should be very worried about global warming is	human.
one animal who should be very worried about global warming is	fish.
one animal who should be very worried about global warming is	seal.
one animal who should be very worried about global warming is	dolphin.
one place where a woman might be embarrassed to leave lipstick marks is	shirt collar.
one place where a woman might be embarrassed to leave lipstick marks is	her teeth.
one place where a woman might be embarrassed to leave lipstick marks is	someone's cheek.
one place where a woman might be embarrassed to leave lipstick marks is	drinking glass.
one thing a person pays one person else to get rid of is	trash.
one thing a person pays one person else to get rid of is	bugs.
one thing a person pays one person else to get rid of is	person.
one thing a person pays one person else to get rid of is	mice.
one thing a person pays one person else to get rid of is	old appliances.
one thing a person pays one person else to get rid of is	debt.
one activity during which you get bored and sleepy is	watching tv.
one activity during which you get bored and sleepy is	reading.
one activity during which you get bored and sleepy is	sporting event.
one activity during which you get bored and sleepy is	board games.
one activity during which you get bored and sleepy is	studying.
one activity during which you get bored and sleepy is	in church.
one drink that really quenches your thirst is	water.
one drink that really quenches your thirst is	coke.
one drink that really quenches your thirst is	tango.
one drink that really quenches your thirst is	beer.
one drink that really quenches your thirst is	lemonade.
one drink that really quenches your thirst is	lucozade.
one thing shaquille o'neal probably has to bend down to do is	shoes/socks on.
one thing shaquille o'neal probably has to bend down to do is	get through door.
one thing shaquille o'neal probably has to bend down to do is	hug/kiss.
one thing shaquille o'neal probably has to bend down to do is	pick up/play ball.
one thing you do to an envelope before mailing it is	lick / seal it.
one thing you do to an envelope before mailing it is	stamp it.
one thing you wish you'd taken better care of when you were younger is	body.
one thing you wish you'd taken better care of when you were younger is	collectibles.
one thing you wish you'd taken better care of when you were younger is	schooling.
one thing you wish you'd taken better care of when you were younger is	family.
one thing you wish you'd taken better care of when you were younger is	money.
one thing you wish you'd taken better care of when you were younger is	clothes.
one excuse men use for not calling is	lost number.
one excuse men use for not calling is	work.
one excuse men use for not calling is	too busy.
one excuse men use for not calling is	fell asleep.
one excuse men use for not calling is	forgot.
one excuse men use for not calling is	broken phone.
any one of britain's royal family is	prince charles.
any one of britain's royal family is	queen elizabeth.
any one of britain's royal family is	princess diana.
any one of britain's royal family is	prince william.
any one of britain's royal family is	prince philip.
one thing miss america probably takes off her tiara to do is	shower.
one thing miss america probably takes off her tiara to do is	go to bed.
one thing miss america probably takes off her tiara to do is	comb.
one thing miss america probably takes off her tiara to do is	change clothes.
one thing people do when they put on their jeans and they can't get them up all the way is	lie down on bed.
one thing people do when they put on their jeans and they can't get them up all the way is	hold breath/gut.
one thing people do when they put on their jeans and they can't get them up all the way is	wiggle/jump up.
one thing people do when they put on their jeans and they can't get them up all the way is	pull harder.
one thing people do when they put on their jeans and they can't get them up all the way is	curse/yell.
one thing roommates fight over is	bathroom.
one thing roommates fight over is	bills.
one thing roommates fight over is	phone.
one thing roommates fight over is	cleaning up.
one thing roommates fight over is	food.
one thing roommates fight over is	television.
one thing roommates fight over is	space.
one thing roommates fight over is	clothes.
one activity you do at summer camp is	learn to make fire.
one activity you do at summer camp is	canoeing.
one activity you do at summer camp is	roast marshmallows.
one activity you do at summer camp is	go fishing.
one food that people usually eat with their fingers is	french fries.
one food that people usually eat with their fingers is	chicken wings.
one food that people usually eat with their fingers is	pizza.
one food that people usually eat with their fingers is	hamburgers.
one food that people usually eat with their fingers is	hot dog.
one halloween costume you can make at home for cheap is	ghost.
one halloween costume you can make at home for cheap is	witch.
one halloween costume you can make at home for cheap is	hobo.
one halloween costume you can make at home for cheap is	cat.
one household chore that you would want a robot to do is	dishes.
one household chore that you would want a robot to do is	laundry.
one household chore that you would want a robot to do is	clean bathroom.
one household chore that you would want a robot to do is	vacuum.
one household chore that you would want a robot to do is	cook.
one household chore that you would want a robot to do is	sweeping.
one thing people do to exercise is	running.
one thing people do to exercise is	martial arts.
one thing people do to exercise is	sit ups.
one thing people do to exercise is	lift weights.
one thing people do to exercise is	yoga.
one place where adults go to relax, but kids go to play is	park.
one place where adults go to relax, but kids go to play is	beach.
one thing that's embarrassing to fall asleep while doing is	making love.
one thing that's embarrassing to fall asleep while doing is	talking/phone.
one thing that's embarrassing to fall asleep while doing is	eating.
one thing that's embarrassing to fall asleep while doing is	driving.
one thing that's embarrassing to fall asleep while doing is	drinking.
one thing made for people to put their fingers in is	glove.
one thing made for people to put their fingers in is	ring.
one thing made for people to put their fingers in is	bowling ball.
one thing made for people to put their fingers in is	nose.
one thing made for people to put their fingers in is	chinese handcuffs.
one thing made for people to put their fingers in is	fingerpaint.
the most respected newspaper in america is	new york times.
the most respected newspaper in america is	wall st. journal.
the most respected newspaper in america is	national enquirer.
the most respected newspaper in america is	usa today.
the most respected newspaper in america is	daily news.
the most respected newspaper in america is	washington post.
one thing that's worth taking a chance on is	love/relationship.
one thing that's worth taking a chance on is	the lottery.
one thing that's worth taking a chance on is	life.
one thing that's worth taking a chance on is	new job.
one place that's visited often, that you can't imagine going for a business trip is	hawaii.
one place that's visited often, that you can't imagine going for a business trip is	disney world.
one famous outlaw from the old west is	jesse james.
one famous outlaw from the old west is	billy the kid.
one famous outlaw from the old west is	wild bill hickok.
one famous outlaw from the old west is	butch cassidy.
one famous outlaw from the old west is	doc holliday.
one thing or one person that hunts pirates is	government.
one thing or one person that hunts pirates is	other pirates.
one thing or one person that hunts pirates is	shark.
one thing or one person that hunts pirates is	ghost.
one event you might hire a band for is	wedding.
one event you might hire a band for is	birthday party.
one event you might hire a band for is	anniversary.
one event you might hire a band for is	graduation.
one event you might hire a band for is	bar.
one thing a person does often when they're sleepy is	yawn.
one thing a person does often when they're sleepy is	snore.
one thing a high school student looks forward to is	graduation.
one thing a high school student looks forward to is	prom.
one thing a high school student looks forward to is	summer/vacation.
one thing a high school student looks forward to is	going to college.
one tv show that has judges is	american idol.
one tv show that has judges is	the voice.
one tv show that has judges is	the people's court.
one tv show that has judges is	dancing with the stars.
one thing that people "pull down" is	shades.
one thing that people "pull down" is	trousers.
one thing that people "pull down" is	windows.
one thing that people "pull down" is	sheets.
one thing that people "pull down" is	zipper.
one thing that rumbles is	thunder/storms.
one thing that rumbles is	stomachs.
one thing that rumbles is	car/engines.
one thing that rumbles is	earthquakes.
one thing that grows in length over time is	hair.
one thing that grows in length over time is	tree.
one thing that grows in length over time is	people.
one thing that grows in length over time is	plants.
one thing that grows in length over time is	vetetables.
one thing that grows in length over time is	snake.
one ride at disney is	space mountain.
one ride at disney is	teacups.
one ride at disney is	matterhorn bobsled.
one ride at disney is	small world.
one ride at disney is	splash mountain.
one ride at disney is	tower of terror.
one popular imported european car is	mercedes benz.
one popular imported european car is	bmw.
one popular imported european car is	volkswagen.
one popular imported european car is	porsche.
one popular imported european car is	audi.
one popular imported european car is	volvo.
one way people warm up their cold feet in bed is	put on socks.
one way people warm up their cold feet in bed is	put on spouse.
one way people warm up their cold feet in bed is	rub them.
one way people warm up their cold feet in bed is	cover with blanket.
one way people warm up their cold feet in bed is	hot water bottle.
one reason why a person might turn down a job is	low pay/salary.
one reason why a person might turn down a job is	location/distance.
one reason why a person might turn down a job is	schedule/hours.
one reason why a person might turn down a job is	don't like job.
one reason why a person might turn down a job is	over qualified.
one reason why a person might turn down a job is	don't like boss.
one reason why a person might turn down a job is	lousy benefits.
one reason why a person might turn down a job is	got better job.
one thing you might buy for a cat is	catnip.
one thing you might buy for a cat is	litter box.
one thing you might buy for a cat is	cat food.
one thing you might buy for a cat is	yarn.
one thing you might buy for a cat is	ball.
one candy people eat for halloween is	candy corn.
one candy people eat for halloween is	chocolate bar.
one candy people eat for halloween is	smarties.
one candy people eat for halloween is	reese's.
one type of bean people eat is	baked.
one type of bean people eat is	broad.
one type of bean people eat is	kidney.
one type of bean people eat is	soya.
one type of bean people eat is	string.
one type of bean people eat is	green.
one type of bean people eat is	black.
one type of bean people eat is	red.
one thing a highway crew might use on a snowy road is	snowplow.
one thing a highway crew might use on a snowy road is	salt.
one thing bill gates cannot buy is	love.
one thing bill gates cannot buy is	happiness.
one thing bill gates cannot buy is	country.
one thing bill gates cannot buy is	youth.
one thing bill gates cannot buy is	yahoo.
one thing bill gates cannot buy is	me.
one thing a dog might be wearing is	collar.
one thing a dog might be wearing is	leash.
one person who might ask to see your driver's license is	police officer.
one person who might ask to see your driver's license is	cashier.
one person who might ask to see your driver's license is	bank teller.
one person who might ask to see your driver's license is	bouncer.
one person who might ask to see your driver's license is	bartender.
one thing that bounces is	ball.
one thing that bounces is	check.
one thing that bounces is	trampoline.
one thing that bounces is	bouncer.
one thing you would see a lot of at kansas is	corn.
one thing you would see a lot of at kansas is	sunflowers.
one thing you would see a lot of at kansas is	wheat.
one thing you would see a lot of at kansas is	flat land.
one thing you would see a lot of at kansas is	cows.
one thing you would see a lot of at kansas is	tornados.
one four-legged celebrity is	lassie.
one four-legged celebrity is	ed.
one four-legged celebrity is	mister ed.
one four-legged celebrity is	mr ed.
one four-legged celebrity is	benji.
one four-legged celebrity is	rin tin tin.
one four-legged celebrity is	tin tin.
one four-legged celebrity is	trigger.
one thing you wouldn't want to have two of is	spouses.
one thing you wouldn't want to have two of is	pets.
one thing you wouldn't want to have two of is	noses.
one thing you wouldn't want to have two of is	homes.
one thing you wouldn't want to have two of is	illness.
one thing you wouldn't want to have two of is	kids.
one thing you wouldn't want to have two of is	heads.
one thing you wouldn't want to have two of is	cars.
one animal that has horns is	bull.
one animal that has horns is	goat.
one animal that has horns is	rhino.
one animal that has horns is	cow.
one animal that has horns is	deer.
one animal that has horns is	ram.
one thing you buy for a new puppy is	bowl.
one thing you buy for a new puppy is	leash.
one thing you buy for a new puppy is	dog food.
one thing you buy for a new puppy is	dog collar.
one american sweetheart is	julia roberts.
one american sweetheart is	marilyn monroe.
one american sweetheart is	reese witherspoon.
one american sweetheart is	shirley temple.
one american sweetheart is	jennifer aniston.
one american sweetheart is	anette funachello.
one thing you routinely fall asleep while doing is	watching tv.
one thing you routinely fall asleep while doing is	reading.
one thing you routinely fall asleep while doing is	talking on phone.
one thing you routinely fall asleep while doing is	making love.
one thing that, once you learn how to do it, you never forget is	ride a bike.
one thing that, once you learn how to do it, you never forget is	tie shoes.
one thing that, once you learn how to do it, you never forget is	walk.
one thing that, once you learn how to do it, you never forget is	drive.
one reason you might stop during a road trip is	potty break.
one reason you might stop during a road trip is	get gas.
one reason you might stop during a road trip is	eat.
one reason you might stop during a road trip is	take pictures.
one reason you might stop during a road trip is	attractions.
one thing with a ribbon is	present.
one thing with a ribbon is	hair bow.
one thing with a ribbon is	package.
one thing with a ribbon is	bonnet.
one thing with a ribbon is	balloon.
one thing with a ribbon is	typewriter.
one thing with a ribbon is	award.
one thing you pack in the cooler is	ice.
one thing you pack in the cooler is	beer.
one thing you pack in the cooler is	soda.
one thing you pack in the cooler is	water.
one thing you know about russia is	the cold.
one thing you know about russia is	communism.
one thing you know about russia is	snow.
one thing you know about russia is	vodka.
one thing you know about russia is	hockey.
one home appliance that can get hot is	iron.
one home appliance that can get hot is	oven.
one home appliance that can get hot is	computer.
one home appliance that can get hot is	toaster.
one home appliance that can get hot is	hair dryer.
one home appliance that can get hot is	microwave.
one talent you wish you had is	singing.
one talent you wish you had is	play instrument.
one talent you wish you had is	athletic ability.
one talent you wish you had is	art.
one talent you wish you had is	dancing.
one talent you wish you had is	cooking.
one thing specific that's served in a cup is	coffee.
one thing specific that's served in a cup is	water.
one thing specific that's served in a cup is	ice cream.
one thing specific that's served in a cup is	soft drinks.
one thing specific that's served in a cup is	orange juice.
one thing specific that's served in a cup is	milk.
one complaint a person might have about their dance partner is	step on feet.
one complaint a person might have about their dance partner is	clumsy.
one thing that only works with strings attached is	puppet.
one thing that only works with strings attached is	guitar.
one thing that only works with strings attached is	violin.
one thing that only works with strings attached is	yo-yo.
one thing that only works with strings attached is	kite.
one thing you can see a lot of in a las vegas casino is	slot machines.
one thing you can see a lot of in a las vegas casino is	patrons.
one thing you can see a lot of in a las vegas casino is	chips.
one thing you can see a lot of in a las vegas casino is	lights.
one thing you can see a lot of in a las vegas casino is	show girls.
one thing you would hate to have break down just before you host a big party is	refrigerator.
one thing you would hate to have break down just before you host a big party is	stove.
one thing you would hate to have break down just before you host a big party is	air-conditioner.
one thing you would hate to have break down just before you host a big party is	car.
one thing you would hate to have break down just before you host a big party is	electricity.
one thing you would hate to have break down just before you host a big party is	table with food.
one thing that a person might have a phobia about is	bugs.
one thing that a person might have a phobia about is	heights.
one thing that a person might have a phobia about is	enclosed areas.
one thing that a person might have a phobia about is	the dark.
one thing that a person might have a phobia about is	snakes.
one thing that a person might have a phobia about is	water.
one person who might bake you a cake is	mom.
one person who might bake you a cake is	grandmother.
one person who might bake you a cake is	baker.
one person who might bake you a cake is	children.
one thing that could embarrass an actor onstage is	ye forgeteth line.
one thing that could embarrass an actor onstage is	tripeth/falleth.
one thing that could embarrass an actor onstage is	ye pants falleth.
one thing that could embarrass an actor onstage is	ye fly unzippeth.
one thing that could embarrass an actor onstage is	ye breaketh wind.
one thing you need in the desert is	water.
one thing you need in the desert is	umbrella.
one thing you need in the desert is	camel.
one thing you need in the desert is	compass.
one dangerous water sport is	waterskiing.
one dangerous water sport is	surfing.
one dangerous water sport is	boating.
one dangerous water sport is	jetskiing.
one dangerous water sport is	diving.
one dangerous water sport is	waterpolo.
one dangerous water sport is	rafting.
one thing that's bright is	sun/sunlight.
one thing that's bright is	lightbulb.
one thing that's bright is	star.
one thing that's bright is	diamond.
one occasion when people get sentimental is	wedding.
one occasion when people get sentimental is	funeral.
one occasion when people get sentimental is	anniversary.
one occasion when people get sentimental is	christmas.
one occasion when people get sentimental is	valentine's day.
one occasion when people get sentimental is	birth of child.
one thing your spouse might do that ticks you off is	snores.
one thing your spouse might do that ticks you off is	nagging.
one thing your spouse might do that ticks you off is	makes a mess.
one thing your spouse might do that ticks you off is	spends too much money.
one thing your spouse might do that ticks you off is	lying.
one person a man wouldn't want to show up at his bachelor party is	his fiance.
one person a man wouldn't want to show up at his bachelor party is	his ex.
one person a man wouldn't want to show up at his bachelor party is	his mother/father.
one person a man wouldn't want to show up at his bachelor party is	future in-laws.
one person a man wouldn't want to show up at his bachelor party is	his child.
one thing of yours that is dirty is	send us your answers!.
one thing of yours that is dirty is	clothes.
one thing of yours that is dirty is	dishes.
one thing you would need a lot of if you were a cheerleader is	energy.
one thing you would need a lot of if you were a cheerleader is	pom-poms.
one thing you would need a lot of if you were a cheerleader is	team spirit.
one thing you would need a lot of if you were a cheerleader is	exercise.
one thing you would need a lot of if you were a cheerleader is	uniform.
one complaint people have about hospitals is	food.
one complaint people have about hospitals is	wait.
one complaint people have about hospitals is	cost.
one complaint people have about hospitals is	smell.
one complaint people have about hospitals is	service.
one complaint people have about hospitals is	nurses.
one quality that makes a person a good family doctor is	good listener.
one quality that makes a person a good family doctor is	caring.
one quality that makes a person a good family doctor is	intelligent.
one quality that makes a person a good family doctor is	patience.
one quality that makes a person a good family doctor is	honest.
one nfl receiver who has caught a lot of touchdowns is	jerry rice.
one nfl receiver who has caught a lot of touchdowns is	terrell owens.
one nfl receiver who has caught a lot of touchdowns is	randy moss.
one nfl receiver who has caught a lot of touchdowns is	cris carter.
one nfl receiver who has caught a lot of touchdowns is	marvin harrison.
one reason why you might not tip your waiter is	bad service.
one reason why you might not tip your waiter is	rudeness.
one reason why you might not tip your waiter is	slow.
one reason why you might not tip your waiter is	bad food.
one reason why you might not tip your waiter is	wrong order.
one thing that tastes best when grandma makes it is	cookies.
one thing that tastes best when grandma makes it is	pie.
one thing that tastes best when grandma makes it is	cake.
one reason why you might send one person a card is	birthday.
one reason why you might send one person a card is	get well.
one reason why you might send one person a card is	valentine.
one reason why you might send one person a card is	anniversary.
one reason why you might send one person a card is	graduation.
one reason why you might send one person a card is	apologize.
namy a type of cheese with a funny  is	mozzarella.
namy a type of cheese with a funny  is	linberger.
namy a type of cheese with a funny  is	munster.
namy a type of cheese with a funny  is	roguefort.
namy a type of cheese with a funny  is	provolone.
namy a type of cheese with a funny  is	brie.
namy a type of cheese with a funny  is	gorgonzola.
namy a type of cheese with a funny  is	roundelay.
one event you wear a tie to is	wedding.
one event you wear a tie to is	ball.
one event you wear a tie to is	funeral.
one part of the body that starts to wrinkle as you age is	fingers.
one part of the body that starts to wrinkle as you age is	eyes.
one part of the body that starts to wrinkle as you age is	foreheads.
one part of the body that starts to wrinkle as you age is	noses.
one part of the body that starts to wrinkle as you age is	neck.
one thing people do to prevent from getting sick is	vitamins.
one thing people do to prevent from getting sick is	eat.
one thing people do to prevent from getting sick is	exercise.
one thing people do to prevent from getting sick is	visit doctor.
one thing people do to prevent from getting sick is	take medicine.
one thing people do to prevent from getting sick is	dress warmly.
one thing some women do with their little babies, that other women do with their little dogs is	dress them.
one thing some women do with their little babies, that other women do with their little dogs is	hold.
one thing some women do with their little babies, that other women do with their little dogs is	baby talk.
one thing some women do with their little babies, that other women do with their little dogs is	stroller.
one thing some women do with their little babies, that other women do with their little dogs is	carry.
one thing some women do with their little babies, that other women do with their little dogs is	kiss them.
one thing real or fictional, known for their nose is	pinocchio.
one thing real or fictional, known for their nose is	jimmy durante.
one thing real or fictional, known for their nose is	cyrano.
one thing real or fictional, known for their nose is	barbara streisan.
one thing real or fictional, known for their nose is	bob hope.
one thing real or fictional, known for their nose is	jay leno.
one thing you cannot live without is	air.
one thing you cannot live without is	food.
one thing you cannot live without is	water.
one thing you cannot live without is	money.
one thing you cannot live without is	cell phone.
one thing you cannot live without is	love.
one thing students do when they forget to study for a test is	cheat.
one thing students do when they forget to study for a test is	cram.
one thing students do when they forget to study for a test is	fail.
one thing students do when they forget to study for a test is	play sick.
one thing students do when they forget to study for a test is	cut school.
one thing people put off doing to their cars that they should do more often is	wash/wax.
one thing people put off doing to their cars that they should do more often is	change oil.
one thing you love about winter is	snow.
one thing you love about winter is	christmas.
one thing you love about winter is	snowmen.
one thing you love about winter is	the cold.
one thing a really cheap airline might make passengers do for themselves is	get food/drinks.
one thing a really cheap airline might make passengers do for themselves is	load luggage.
one thing a really cheap airline might make passengers do for themselves is	find own seat.
one thing a really cheap airline might make passengers do for themselves is	blanket/pillows.
one thing a really cheap airline might make passengers do for themselves is	fly the plane.
one decoration people put outside their house at christmas is	lights.
one decoration people put outside their house at christmas is	wreath.
one decoration people put outside their house at christmas is	santa.
one decoration people put outside their house at christmas is	tree.
one decoration people put outside their house at christmas is	nativity scene.
one decoration people put outside their house at christmas is	snowman.
one thing specific that shines at night is	stars.
one thing specific that shines at night is	moon.
one thing specific that shines at night is	lights.
one thing specific that shines at night is	fireflies.
one thing specific that shines at night is	eyes.
one specific place where you'd see bunk beds is	kid's bedroom.
one specific place where you'd see bunk beds is	summer camp.
one specific place where you'd see bunk beds is	military barracks.
one specific place where you'd see bunk beds is	furniture store.
one tool a tow truck driver carries with him is	wrench.
one tool a tow truck driver carries with him is	monkey wrench.
one tool a tow truck driver carries with him is	car jack.
one tool a tow truck driver carries with him is	jack.
one tool a tow truck driver carries with him is	screwdriver.
one tool a tow truck driver carries with him is	iron.
one tool a tow truck driver carries with him is	crowbar.
one tool a tow truck driver carries with him is	tireiron.
one tool a tow truck driver carries with him is	chains.
one tool a tow truck driver carries with him is	tire chains.
one tool a tow truck driver carries with him is	cables.
one tool a tow truck driver carries with him is	jumper cables.
one thing a man pulls up is	trousers.
one thing a man pulls up is	socks.
one thing a man pulls up is	weeds.
one thing a man pulls up is	zipper.
one thing a man pulls up is	body.
one thing a man pulls up is	car.
one thing parents get tired of reminding their kids to do is	clean room.
one thing parents get tired of reminding their kids to do is	brush teeth.
one thing parents get tired of reminding their kids to do is	homework.
one thing parents get tired of reminding their kids to do is	wash hands.
one thing women worry about when throwing a dinner party is	food.
one thing women worry about when throwing a dinner party is	cleanliness.
one thing women worry about when throwing a dinner party is	guests.
one thing women worry about when throwing a dinner party is	table.
one thing women worry about when throwing a dinner party is	timing.
one thing women worry about when throwing a dinner party is	enjoyment.
one gift your partner might not appreciate is	vacuum.
one gift your partner might not appreciate is	socks.
one gift your partner might not appreciate is	appliances.
one gift your partner might not appreciate is	underwear.
one gift your partner might not appreciate is	divorce papers.
one gift your partner might not appreciate is	new clothes.
one thing people do on a nice day is	sunbathe.
one thing people do on a nice day is	gardening.
one thing people do on a nice day is	bike ride.
one thing people do on a nice day is	go swimming.
one thing that has pipes is	organ.
one thing that has pipes is	plumbing.
one thing that has pipes is	car.
one thing that has pipes is	bagpipes.
one brand you can recognize just by its logo is	nike.
one brand you can recognize just by its logo is	kellogg's.
one brand you can recognize just by its logo is	mcdonald's.
one brand you can recognize just by its logo is	campbell's.
one brand you can recognize just by its logo is	polo.
one brand you can recognize just by its logo is	coca cola.
one place where some people prefer to sit in the back is	movie/theater.
one place where some people prefer to sit in the back is	bus.
one place where some people prefer to sit in the back is	church.
one place where some people prefer to sit in the back is	car/limo.
one place where some people prefer to sit in the back is	classroom.
one place where some people prefer to sit in the back is	airplane.
one thing you'd do at work if you really wanted to get fired is	disrespect boss.
one thing you'd do at work if you really wanted to get fired is	steal.
one thing you'd do at work if you really wanted to get fired is	don't work/sleep.
one thing you'd do at work if you really wanted to get fired is	not show up.
one thing you'd do at work if you really wanted to get fired is	in late/out early.
one thing you'd do at work if you really wanted to get fired is	alcohol/drunk.
one thing adults do even though they know it's bad for their health is	smoke.
one thing adults do even though they know it's bad for their health is	drink.
some place you might find your cat hiding is	under the bed.
some place you might find your cat hiding is	under the couch.
some place you might find your cat hiding is	closets.
some place you might find your cat hiding is	up a tree.
some place you might find your cat hiding is	paper bags.
one food that gets chopped is	onions.
one food that gets chopped is	carrots.
the biggest gripe patients have about hospitals is	bad food.
the biggest gripe patients have about hospitals is	high cost.
the biggest gripe patients have about hospitals is	staff.
the biggest gripe patients have about hospitals is	waiting.
the biggest gripe patients have about hospitals is	doctors.
the biggest gripe patients have about hospitals is	being sick.
one thing a kid might leave behind on a school bus is	lunchbox.
one thing a kid might leave behind on a school bus is	books.
one thing a kid might leave behind on a school bus is	backpack.
one thing a kid might leave behind on a school bus is	coat.
one thing that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight is	drink.
one thing that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight is	eat.
one thing that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight is	read.
one thing that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight is	sleep.
one thing that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight is	write.
one thing that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight is	go to bathroom.
one thing that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight is	relax.
one thing japanese that americans love is	sushi.
one thing japanese that americans love is	cars.
one thing japanese that americans love is	comic books.
one thing japanese that americans love is	electronics.
one thing japanese that americans love is	video games.
one thing japanese that americans love is	green tea.
one punk rock band is	ramones.
one punk rock band is	the clash.
one punk rock band is	sex pistols.
one punk rock band is	green day.
one punk rock band is	offspring.
one language that you often see restaurant menus written in is	english.
one language that you often see restaurant menus written in is	french.
one language that you often see restaurant menus written in is	italian.
one language that you often see restaurant menus written in is	spanish.
one language that you often see restaurant menus written in is	chinese.
one occupation well-known athletes turn to when their playing days are over is	sports announcer.
one occupation well-known athletes turn to when their playing days are over is	coach.
one occupation well-known athletes turn to when their playing days are over is	acting.
one occupation well-known athletes turn to when their playing days are over is	tv ads.
one occupation well-known athletes turn to when their playing days are over is	restaurant owners.
one occupation well-known athletes turn to when their playing days are over is	insurance salesman.
one person who spends a lot of time in church is	clergyman.
one person who spends a lot of time in church is	congregant.
one person who spends a lot of time in church is	nun.
one person who spends a lot of time in church is	the pope.
one animal you might see at the zoo is	elephant.
one animal you might see at the zoo is	monkey.
one animal you might see at the zoo is	lion.
one animal you might see at the zoo is	giraffe.
one animal you might see at the zoo is	zebra.
one animal you might see at the zoo is	tiger.
one place where you listen to music is	car.
one place where you listen to music is	nightclub.
one place where you listen to music is	concert.
one place where you listen to music is	bedroom.
one place where you listen to music is	home.
one place where you listen to music is	music shop.
one kind of place you feel better leaving than going is	work.
one kind of place you feel better leaving than going is	dentist/doctor.
one kind of place you feel better leaving than going is	hospital.
one kind of place you feel better leaving than going is	funeral/cemetery.
one kind of place you feel better leaving than going is	prison.
one kind of place you feel better leaving than going is	bathroom.
one reason you'd avoid going to a certain restaurant even if their food is good is	bad service.
one reason you'd avoid going to a certain restaurant even if their food is good is	expensive.
one reason you'd avoid going to a certain restaurant even if their food is good is	dirty/infested.
one reason you'd avoid going to a certain restaurant even if their food is good is	crowded.
one reason you'd avoid going to a certain restaurant even if their food is good is	location.
one food that is deep-fried is	chicken.
one food that is deep-fried is	potatoes/fries.
one food that is deep-fried is	seafood/fish.
one food that is deep-fried is	eggplant.
one place where you might find sand is	beach.
one place where you might find sand is	hourglass.
one place where you might find sand is	desert.
one place where you might find sand is	construction site.
one place where you might find sand is	sandbox.
one kind of place where you feel out of place is	bar.
one kind of place where you feel out of place is	church.
one kind of place where you feel out of place is	party.
one kind of place where you feel out of place is	hospital.
one kind of place where you feel out of place is	in a crowd.
one kind of place where you feel out of place is	the opera.
one kind of place where you feel out of place is	a dance.
one occupation that's most likely to cheat on taxes is	accountant/cpa.
one occupation that's most likely to cheat on taxes is	doctor/dentist.
one occupation that's most likely to cheat on taxes is	lawyer.
one occupation that's most likely to cheat on taxes is	self employed.
one occupation that's most likely to cheat on taxes is	food server.
one thing which the more you have, the more trouble you're likely to get into is	money.
one thing which the more you have, the more trouble you're likely to get into is	free time.
one thing which the more you have, the more trouble you're likely to get into is	girl/boyfriends.
one thing which the more you have, the more trouble you're likely to get into is	bills/credit card.
one thing which the more you have, the more trouble you're likely to get into is	alcoholic drinks.
one thing which the more you have, the more trouble you're likely to get into is	guns.
one child actor who grew up too fast is	lindsay lohan.
one child actor who grew up too fast is	drew barrymore.
one child actor who grew up too fast is	macaulay culkin.
one child actor who grew up too fast is	justin beiber.
one child actor who grew up too fast is	judy garland.
one thing you might see advertised during the superbowl is	beer.
one thing you might see advertised during the superbowl is	soda.
one thing you might see advertised during the superbowl is	cars.
one thing you might see advertised during the superbowl is	chips.
one place where you'd go through a turnstile is	subway.
one place where you'd go through a turnstile is	amusement park.
one place where you'd go through a turnstile is	stadium.
one place where you'd go through a turnstile is	grocery.
one place where you'd go through a turnstile is	department store.
one place where you'd go through a turnstile is	movie theater.
one place where you'd go through a turnstile is	drugstore.
one place where you'd go through a turnstile is	zoo.
one thing or one person with fangs is	vampire.
one thing or one person with fangs is	dracula.
one thing or one person with fangs is	snakes.
one thing or one person with fangs is	wolves.
one thing or one person with fangs is	bats.
one unusual place where babies are sometimes born is	car/taxi.
one unusual place where babies are sometimes born is	airplane.
one unusual place where babies are sometimes born is	at home.
one unusual place where babies are sometimes born is	elevator.
one thing that gets checked out is	library books.
one thing that gets checked out is	groceries.
one thing that gets checked out is	someone's body.
one thing you would expect to see at a gym is	weights.
one thing you would expect to see at a gym is	treadmill.
one thing you would expect to see at a gym is	people.
one thing you would expect to see at a gym is	mirrors.
one thing you would expect to see at a gym is	towels.
one occupation in which you'd get to hear a lot of good gossip is	hairdresser.
one occupation in which you'd get to hear a lot of good gossip is	nurse.
one occupation in which you'd get to hear a lot of good gossip is	secretary/recept..
one occupation in which you'd get to hear a lot of good gossip is	clergy.
one occupation in which you'd get to hear a lot of good gossip is	reporter.
one occupation in which you'd get to hear a lot of good gossip is	operator.
one type of tv program people watch in the afternoon is	soap opera.
one type of tv program people watch in the afternoon is	talk shows.
one type of tv program people watch in the afternoon is	news.
one thing a wife asks her husband to pick up on the way home is	milk.
one thing a wife asks her husband to pick up on the way home is	bread.
one thing a wife asks her husband to pick up on the way home is	dinner.
one thing a wife asks her husband to pick up on the way home is	dry cleaning.
one thing a wife asks her husband to pick up on the way home is	children.
one profession that should only be done by very smart people is	doctor.
one profession that should only be done by very smart people is	engineer.
one profession that should only be done by very smart people is	astronaut.
one profession that should only be done by very smart people is	teacher.
one thing you might put on toast is	butter.
one thing you might put on toast is	jam.
one thing you might put on toast is	peanut butter.
one thing you might put on toast is	nutella.
one invention that made the world smaller is	the internet.
one invention that made the world smaller is	airplanes.
one invention that made the world smaller is	telephones.
one invention that made the world smaller is	computers.
one thing of yours that is in terrible condition is	car.
one thing of yours that is in terrible condition is	clothes/shoes.
one thing of yours that is in terrible condition is	body/health.
one thing of yours that is in terrible condition is	house.
one thing of yours that is in terrible condition is	furniture.
one meal that even dad might wear a bib to eat is	ribs.
one meal that even dad might wear a bib to eat is	wings.
one meal that even dad might wear a bib to eat is	seafood.
one meal that even dad might wear a bib to eat is	steak.
one kind of place where everyone always seems to be in a hurry is	train/subway.
one kind of place where everyone always seems to be in a hurry is	on the roads.
one kind of place where everyone always seems to be in a hurry is	airport.
one kind of place where everyone always seems to be in a hurry is	supermarket.
one kind of place where everyone always seems to be in a hurry is	work.
one kind of place where everyone always seems to be in a hurry is	mall.
one thing you might put on your armpits if you ran out of deodorant is	perfume.
one thing you might put on your armpits if you ran out of deodorant is	baby powder.
one thing you might put on your armpits if you ran out of deodorant is	baking soda.
one thing you might put on your armpits if you ran out of deodorant is	soap.
one thing you might put on your armpits if you ran out of deodorant is	lotion.
one thing you might put on your armpits if you ran out of deodorant is	lemon.
one thing you find in a photo lab is	photos.
one thing you find in a photo lab is	film.
one thing you find in a photo lab is	negatives.
one thing you find in a photo lab is	chemicals.
one thing you find in a photo lab is	paper.
one thing you find in a photo lab is	camera.
one person you might see in a parade is	buffoons.
one person you might see in a parade is	clown.
one person you might see in a parade is	jesters.
one person you might see in a parade is	mayor.
one person you might see in a parade is	symphony.
one person you might see in a parade is	orchestra.
one person you might see in a parade is	music.
one person you might see in a parade is	marching band.
one person you might see in a parade is	band.
one person you might see in a parade is	woodwind.
one person you might see in a parade is	instruments.
one person you might see in a parade is	st nick.
one person you might see in a parade is	santa claus.
one person you might see in a parade is	pere noel.
one person you might see in a parade is	claus.
one person you might see in a parade is	father christmas.
one person you might see in a parade is	kris kringle.
one person you might see in a parade is	prom queen.
one person you might see in a parade is	queen.
one person you might see in a parade is	beauty queen.
one person you might see in a parade is	fire marhshall.
one person you might see in a parade is	marshall.
one thing you might put on a baby is	nappy.
one thing you might put on a baby is	bib.
one thing you might put on a baby is	clothes.
one thing you might put on a baby is	bonnet.
one thing you might put on a baby is	hat.
one thing you might put on a baby is	booties.
one thing you might put on a baby is	jumpsuit.
one thing that many women hate doing but they do it anyway is	housework/laundry.
one thing that many women hate doing but they do it anyway is	cooking.
one thing that many women hate doing but they do it anyway is	grocery shopping.
one thing that many women hate doing but they do it anyway is	shave legs/wax.
one thing that many women hate doing but they do it anyway is	going to work.
one thing that many women hate doing but they do it anyway is	going to doctor.
one thing that many women hate doing but they do it anyway is	exercising.
one thing that many women hate doing but they do it anyway is	making love.
one food you buy at a convenience store that looks like it has been under the heat lamp for weeks is	hot dog.
one food you buy at a convenience store that looks like it has been under the heat lamp for weeks is	hamburger.
one food you buy at a convenience store that looks like it has been under the heat lamp for weeks is	burrito.
one food you buy at a convenience store that looks like it has been under the heat lamp for weeks is	pizza.
one food you buy at a convenience store that looks like it has been under the heat lamp for weeks is	nachos.
one food you buy at a convenience store that looks like it has been under the heat lamp for weeks is	sandwich.
one thing a parent might tell their child not to put in their mouth is	fingers.
one thing a parent might tell their child not to put in their mouth is	toys.
one thing a parent might tell their child not to put in their mouth is	money.
one thing a parent might tell their child not to put in their mouth is	dirt.
one thing a parent might tell their child not to put in their mouth is	paper.
one thing people pound is	meat.
one thing people pound is	table.
one thing people pound is	nails.
one thing people pound is	pavement.
one thing you see in a courtroom is	judge.
one thing you see in a courtroom is	lawyers.
one thing you see in a courtroom is	jury.
one thing you see in a courtroom is	bailiff.
one thing you see in a courtroom is	gavel.
one tv show you think ended too soon is	friends.
one tv show you think ended too soon is	seinfeld.
one tv show you think ended too soon is	firefly.
one tv show you think ended too soon is	m.a.s.h..
one tv show you think ended too soon is	cheers.
one person who is famous for helping people is	robin hood.
one person who is famous for helping people is	oprah winfrey.
one person who is famous for helping people is	ellen degeneres.
one person who is famous for helping people is	mahatma gandhi.
one person who is famous for helping people is	superman.
one book where the main hero is a kid is	harry potter.
one book where the main hero is a kid is	peter pan.
one book where the main hero is a kid is	tom sawyer.
one book where the main hero is a kid is	huck finn.
one food that has an acquired taste is	caviar.
one food that has an acquired taste is	sushi.
one food that has an acquired taste is	brussel sprouts.
one food that has an acquired taste is	oysters.
one food that has an acquired taste is	fish.
one food that has an acquired taste is	pizza.
one thing that teeth do is	chew.
one thing that teeth do is	chatter.
one thing that teeth do is	bite.
one thing that teeth do is	grind.
one thing that teeth do is	rot.
one thing that teeth do is	hurt.
one thing you donate to charity is	clothes.
one thing you donate to charity is	money.
one thing you donate to charity is	car.
one thing you donate to charity is	your time.
one thing you donate to charity is	canned goods.
one thing a doctor might advise you to do is	rest.
one thing a doctor might advise you to do is	lose weight.
one thing a doctor might advise you to do is	quit smoking.
one thing a doctor might advise you to do is	exercise.
one thing a doctor might advise you to do is	fluids.
one thing a doctor might advise you to do is	medicine.
one thing you'd never accept from a friend if you knew they got it illegally is	money.
one thing you'd never accept from a friend if you knew they got it illegally is	anything.
one thing you'd never accept from a friend if you knew they got it illegally is	car.
one thing you'd never accept from a friend if you knew they got it illegally is	jewelry.
one thing you'd never accept from a friend if you knew they got it illegally is	television.
one thing that some people just cannot hold onto is	money.
the top things children tend to lie about is	homework.
the top things children tend to lie about is	grades.
the top things children tend to lie about is	breaking things.
the top things children tend to lie about is	stealing.
the top things children tend to lie about is	brushing teeth.
the top things children tend to lie about is	house chores.
one thing a hollywood leading man needs is	leading woman.
one thing a hollywood leading man needs is	good looks.
one fast food restaurant kids love is	mcdonalds.
one fast food restaurant kids love is	burger king.
one sport that a lot of senior citizens play is	golf.
one sport that a lot of senior citizens play is	bingo.
one sport that a lot of senior citizens play is	shuffleboard.
one sport that a lot of senior citizens play is	cards.
one sport that a lot of senior citizens play is	bowling.
one sport that a lot of senior citizens play is	bocce.
one thing you'd hate to drop if you were holding it is	glass.
one thing you'd hate to drop if you were holding it is	baby.
one thing you'd hate to drop if you were holding it is	food.
one thing you'd hate to drop if you were holding it is	hot water.
one thing you'd hate to drop if you were holding it is	telephone.
one thing you can ride is	bicycle.
one thing you can ride is	send us your answers!.
one thing you find in the waiting room of a doctor's office is	magazines.
one thing you find in the waiting room of a doctor's office is	patients.
one thing you find in the waiting room of a doctor's office is	chairs.
one thing you find in the waiting room of a doctor's office is	water cooler.
one thing you find in the waiting room of a doctor's office is	hand sanitizer.
the worse thing a policeman could find in your car is	weapons.
the worse thing a policeman could find in your car is	open alcohol.
the worse thing a policeman could find in your car is	dead body.
the worse thing a policeman could find in your car is	no seat belt.
one thing people use to help them find a lost item is	flashlight.
one thing people use to help them find a lost item is	their memory.
one thing people use to help them find a lost item is	metal detector.
one thing people use to help them find a lost item is	dog.
one thing people use to help them find a lost item is	eyes/glasses.
one thing people use to help them find a lost item is	friend's help.
one thing that squeaks is	mouse.
one thing that squeaks is	door.
one thing that squeaks is	floors.
one thing that squeaks is	dog toy.
one thing that squeaks is	bed.
one thing that squeaks is	brakes.
one reason one person might tell you to close your eyes is	surprise.
one reason one person might tell you to close your eyes is	kissing.
one reason one person might tell you to close your eyes is	sleep.
one reason one person might tell you to close your eyes is	playing game.
one reason one person might tell you to close your eyes is	doctor's office.
one thing a wife doesn't like to see her husband doing on his day off is	nothing.
one thing a wife doesn't like to see her husband doing on his day off is	watching tv.
one thing a wife doesn't like to see her husband doing on his day off is	working.
one thing a wife doesn't like to see her husband doing on his day off is	golfing.
one thing a wife doesn't like to see her husband doing on his day off is	video game.
one thing you might ask one person to do to your back is	massage/rub it.
one thing you might ask one person to do to your back is	scratch it.
one thing you might ask one person to do to your back is	walk on it.
one thing you might ask one person to do to your back is	crack it.
one thing that you need gloves to handle is	hot dish.
one thing that you need gloves to handle is	poop.
one thing that you need gloves to handle is	blood.
one thing that you need gloves to handle is	food.
one thing that you need gloves to handle is	chemicals.
one thing that you need gloves to handle is	snow.
one thing in his house a little kid might think a monster is hiding is	in the closet.
one thing in his house a little kid might think a monster is hiding is	under the bed.
one thing in his house a little kid might think a monster is hiding is	in the basement.
one thing in his house a little kid might think a monster is hiding is	in the attic.
one thing in his house a little kid might think a monster is hiding is	"upstairs".
one musical instrument played at weddings is	organ.
one musical instrument played at weddings is	piano.
one musical instrument played at weddings is	violin.
one musical instrument played at weddings is	harp.
one musical instrument played at weddings is	guitar.
one musical instrument played at weddings is	flute.
one thing some people seem to do non-stop is	talk.
one thing some people seem to do non-stop is	eat.
one thing some people seem to do non-stop is	work.
one thing some people seem to do non-stop is	drive.
one thing some people seem to do non-stop is	e-mail.
one profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses is	plumber.
one profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses is	salesperson.
one profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses is	housekeeper.
one profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses is	police officer.
one profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses is	real estate agent.
one profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses is	electrician.
one profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses is	cable installer.
one thing you wish you could trade in for a new one is	car.
one thing you wish you could trade in for a new one is	partner.
one thing you wish you could trade in for a new one is	television.
one thing you wish you could trade in for a new one is	house.
one disney movie that does not have a female villain is	aladdin.
one disney movie that does not have a female villain is	peter pan.
one disney movie that does not have a female villain is	bambi.
one disney movie that does not have a female villain is	toy story.
one disney movie that does not have a female villain is	pinocchio.
one disney movie that does not have a female villain is	princess and the frog.
one thing that might take blood from you is	mosquito.
one thing that might take blood from you is	doctor.
one thing that might take blood from you is	leech.
one thing that might take blood from you is	vampire.
one thing that might take blood from you is	needle.
one thing that might take blood from you is	snake.
one way in which people treat their dogs like humans is	sleep with them.
one way in which people treat their dogs like humans is	talk to them.
one way in which people treat their dogs like humans is	dress them.
one way in which people treat their dogs like humans is	feed them.
one way in which people treat their dogs like humans is	kiss them.
one thing a husband does more of if his wife works is	housework/laundry.
one thing a husband does more of if his wife works is	cooks.
one thing a husband does more of if his wife works is	watches the kids.
one thing a husband does more of if his wife works is	watches tv/movies.
one thing a husband does more of if his wife works is	has affair.
one thing a husband does more of if his wife works is	spends the money.
one thing that changes as kids get older is	height.
one thing that changes as kids get older is	voice.
one thing that changes as kids get older is	looks.
one thing that changes as kids get older is	attitude.
one thing that changes as kids get older is	hair.
one thing that changes as kids get older is	age.
one thing that changes as kids get older is	clothes.
one good gift for a stamp collector is	stamp.
one good gift for a stamp collector is	album.
one of the specific times when you usually look your worst is	morning.
one of the specific times when you usually look your worst is	sick.
one of the specific times when you usually look your worst is	after house.
one of the specific times when you usually look your worst is	asleep.
one of the specific times when you usually look your worst is	after a workout.
one of the specific times when you usually look your worst is	after work.
one talk show where you always see the guests crying is	oprah winfrey.
one talk show where you always see the guests crying is	maury povich.
one talk show where you always see the guests crying is	dr. phil.
one talk show where you always see the guests crying is	jerry springer.
one talk show where you always see the guests crying is	montel williams.
one talk show where you always see the guests crying is	the view.
one talk show where you always see the guests crying is	tyra banks.
one kind of juice you'd find in a tropical fruit punch is	pineapple.
one kind of juice you'd find in a tropical fruit punch is	orange.
one kind of juice you'd find in a tropical fruit punch is	papaya.
one kind of juice you'd find in a tropical fruit punch is	guava.
one thing you might see on a tourist who just came back from hawaii is	lei.
one thing you might see on a tourist who just came back from hawaii is	hawaiian shirt.
one thing you wear on your hands is	gloves.
one thing you wear on your hands is	rings.
one thing you wear on your hands is	nail polish.
one thing you wear on your hands is	tattoos.
one reason the people sitting around you in a movie theater would give you dirty looks is	talking.
one reason the people sitting around you in a movie theater would give you dirty looks is	phone rings.
one reason the people sitting around you in a movie theater would give you dirty looks is	coughing.
one reason the people sitting around you in a movie theater would give you dirty looks is	tooting.
one reason the people sitting around you in a movie theater would give you dirty looks is	making out.
one reason the people sitting around you in a movie theater would give you dirty looks is	chewing loudly.
one holiday that's probably more important to women than men is	valentine's day.
one holiday that's probably more important to women than men is	mother's day.
one holiday that's probably more important to women than men is	christmas.
one holiday that's probably more important to women than men is	thanksgiving.
one holiday that's probably more important to women than men is	easter.
one thing you are always afraid to check is	bank account.
one thing you are always afraid to check is	mail.
one thing you are always afraid to check is	bills.
one thing you are always afraid to check is	basement.
one thing you are always afraid to check is	weight.
one thing you are always afraid to check is	under the bed.
one thing that's fluffy is	pillows.
one thing that's fluffy is	bunnies.
one thing that's fluffy is	cotton.
one thing that's fluffy is	teddy bears.
one thing that's fluffy is	clouds.
one thing that's fluffy is	dogs.
one thing you would not wear to a funeral is	shorts.
one thing you would not wear to a funeral is	bathing suits.
one thing you would not wear to a funeral is	evening gown.
one thing you would not wear to a funeral is	wedding dress.
one us state that has big mountains is	colorado.
one us state that has big mountains is	washington.
one us state that has big mountains is	montana.
one us state that has big mountains is	north carolina.
one us state that has big mountains is	utah.
one us state that has big mountains is	west virginia.
one us state that has big mountains is	west virgina.
one character in one of shakespeare's plays is	hamlet.
one character in one of shakespeare's plays is	romeo.
one character in one of shakespeare's plays is	macbeth.
one character in one of shakespeare's plays is	othello.
one character in one of shakespeare's plays is	juliet.
one character in one of shakespeare's plays is	julius caesar.
one holiday when people drink a lot is	new year's.
one holiday when people drink a lot is	christmas.
one holiday when people drink a lot is	st. patrick's day.
one holiday when people drink a lot is	july 4th.
the sexiest actor working today is	brad pitt.
the sexiest actor working today is	channing tatum.
the sexiest actor working today is	george clooney.
the sexiest actor working today is	denzel washington.
the sexiest actor working today is	ryan gosling.
the sexiest actor working today is	matthew mcconaughey.
one fruit that's green when it's ripe is	apple.
one fruit that's green when it's ripe is	kiwi.
one fruit that's green when it's ripe is	grapes.
one fruit that's green when it's ripe is	pear.
one fruit that's green when it's ripe is	avocado.
one fruit that's green when it's ripe is	lime.
one actor or actress who is politically outspoken is	jane fonda.
one actor or actress who is politically outspoken is	oprah winfrey.
one actor or actress who is politically outspoken is	arnold s.
one actor or actress who is politically outspoken is	sean penn.
one actor or actress who is politically outspoken is	george clooney.
one actor or actress who is politically outspoken is	tom cruise.
one thing you might see on a trip to paris is	eiffel tower.
one thing you might see on a trip to paris is	croissant.
one thing you might see on a trip to paris is	the louvre.
one thing you might see on a trip to paris is	people.
one thing you might see on a trip to paris is	notre dame de paris.
another expression for "getting married" is	hitched.
another expression for "getting married" is	tie the knot.
one band that has been around for a long time is	the rolling stones.
one band that has been around for a long time is	kiss.
one band that has been around for a long time is	aerosmith.
one band that has been around for a long time is	bon jovi.
one band that has been around for a long time is	ac/dc.
one reason you might stand up a date is	illness.
one reason you might stand up a date is	don't like.
one reason you might stand up a date is	family emergency.
one reason you might stand up a date is	changed mind.
one reason you might stand up a date is	accidents.
one reason you might stand up a date is	on another date.
one thing you might see at a luau is	food.
one thing you might see at a luau is	dancers.
one thing you might see at a luau is	lei.
one thing you might see at a luau is	grass skirts.
one thing you might see at a luau is	bonfire.
one thing specific a kid might do to earn their allowance is	wash dishes.
one thing specific a kid might do to earn their allowance is	mow lawn.
one thing specific a kid might do to earn their allowance is	clean bedroom.
one thing specific a kid might do to earn their allowance is	take out garbage.
one thing specific a kid might do to earn their allowance is	care for pets.
one famous person with nelson in their name is	nelson mandela.
one famous person with nelson in their name is	willie nelson.
one famous person with nelson in their name is	ricky nelson.
one famous person with nelson in their name is	rockefeller.
one famous person with nelson in their name is	admiral.
one thing an office summer retreat might entail is	barbecue.
one thing an office summer retreat might entail is	swimming.
one thing an office summer retreat might entail is	meetings.
one thing an office summer retreat might entail is	hiking.
one thing an office summer retreat might entail is	camping.
one thing an office summer retreat might entail is	team building.
one thing an office summer retreat might entail is	fishing.
one thing you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving is	time.
one thing you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving is	space.
one thing you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving is	peace and quiet.
one thing you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving is	sleep.
one thing you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving is	seats.
one thing you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving is	bed.
one thing you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving is	clean house.
one thing you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving is	football.
one state that's too cold for a nudist to live is	alaska.
one state that's too cold for a nudist to live is	north dakota.
one state that's too cold for a nudist to live is	maine.
one state that's too cold for a nudist to live is	nebraska.
one state that's too cold for a nudist to live is	colorado.
one state that's too cold for a nudist to live is	minnesota.
one state that's too cold for a nudist to live is	connecticut.
one thing hawaii has more of than any other state is	pineapples.
one thing hawaii has more of than any other state is	beaches/water.
one thing hawaii has more of than any other state is	volcanoes.
one thing hawaii has more of than any other state is	palm trees.
one thing hawaii has more of than any other state is	flowers/leis.
one thing hawaii has more of than any other state is	grass skirts.
one thing that might be missing from your car if you parked it in a bad neighborhood is	stereo.
one thing that might be missing from your car if you parked it in a bad neighborhood is	tires.
one thing that might be missing from your car if you parked it in a bad neighborhood is	radio.
one thing that might be missing from your car if you parked it in a bad neighborhood is	hubcaps.
one thing that might be missing from your car if you parked it in a bad neighborhood is	wheels.
one thing that might be missing from your car if you parked it in a bad neighborhood is	whole car.
one thing you might order in a french restaurant is	escargot.
one thing you might order in a french restaurant is	wine.
one thing you might order in a french restaurant is	crepes.
one thing you might order in a french restaurant is	baguette.
one thing you might order in a french restaurant is	croissants.
one clever animal is	cat.
one clever animal is	owl.
one clever animal is	elephant.
one clever animal is	fox.
one clever animal is	squirrel.
one hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip is	deodorant.
one hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip is	cologne/aft'shave.
one hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip is	shaving cream.
one hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip is	soap/shampoo.
one hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip is	toothpaste/brush.
one hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip is	razor.
one hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip is	toilet paper.
one thing a woman does a lot more if she's pregnant is	eat/gains weight.
one thing a woman does a lot more if she's pregnant is	goes to bathroom.
one thing a woman does a lot more if she's pregnant is	sleeps.
one thing a woman does a lot more if she's pregnant is	throws up.
one thing a woman does a lot more if she's pregnant is	cries.
one thing a woman does a lot more if she's pregnant is	complains/nags.
one thing for which dorothy and her friends asked the wizard of oz is	for a heart.
one thing for which dorothy and her friends asked the wizard of oz is	to go home.
one thing for which dorothy and her friends asked the wizard of oz is	for courage.
one thing for which dorothy and her friends asked the wizard of oz is	for a brain.
one thing for which dorothy and her friends asked the wizard of oz is	where road go?.
one thing you see that makes you realize it's beginning to look a lot like christmas is	snow.
one thing you see that makes you realize it's beginning to look a lot like christmas is	lights.
one thing you see that makes you realize it's beginning to look a lot like christmas is	trees.
one thing you see that makes you realize it's beginning to look a lot like christmas is	crowded malls.
one thing a bird might do during a magicians act that could ruin it is	fly away.
one thing a bird might do during a magicians act that could ruin it is	poop.
one thing a bird might do during a magicians act that could ruin it is	die.
one thing a bird might do during a magicians act that could ruin it is	disappear.
one hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with is	george clooney.
one hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with is	clooney.
one hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with is	brad pitt.
one hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with is	pitt.
one hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with is	johnny depp.
one hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with is	depp.
one hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with is	tom cruise.
one hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with is	cruise.
one hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with is	harrison ford.
one thing people shoot is	animals.
one thing people shoot is	guns.
one thing people shoot is	"the breeze".
one thing people shoot is	basketballs.
one thing people shoot is	arrows.
one occasion for which people wear their very best clothes is	wedding.
one occasion for which people wear their very best clothes is	church.
one occasion for which people wear their very best clothes is	easter.
one occasion for which people wear their very best clothes is	party.
one occasion for which people wear their very best clothes is	funeral.
one occasion for which people wear their very best clothes is	graduation.
one thing people do to "get smart" is	read.
one thing people do to "get smart" is	study.
one thing people do to "get smart" is	go to school.
one thing people do to "get smart" is	crossword puzzle.
one thing people do to "get smart" is	smart pills.
one thing where the bigger it is, the more it costs is	house.
one thing where the bigger it is, the more it costs is	diamond.
one thing where the bigger it is, the more it costs is	car.
one thing where the bigger it is, the more it costs is	steak.
one thing where the bigger it is, the more it costs is	television.
one thing where the bigger it is, the more it costs is	store.
one compliment men like to receive is	good looking.
one compliment men like to receive is	nice body.
one compliment men like to receive is	nice hair.
one compliment men like to receive is	nice tie.
one compliment men like to receive is	look young.
one compliment men like to receive is	nice car.
one compliment men like to receive is	nice dresser.
one animal seen in mexico is	burro.
one animal seen in mexico is	lizard.
one animal seen in mexico is	bull.
one animal seen in mexico is	dog.
one animal seen in mexico is	horse.
one animal seen in mexico is	armadillo.
one animal seen in mexico is	cat.
one animal seen in mexico is	cow.
one term often used in golf is	fore.
one term often used in golf is	par.
one term often used in golf is	hole in one.
one term often used in golf is	birdie.
one term often used in golf is	tee.
one term often used in golf is	bogey.
one thing that's often served with chips is	dip.
one thing that's often served with chips is	salsa.
one type of shopping that many people dislike doing is	grocery.
one type of shopping that many people dislike doing is	christmas.
one thing that squirts is	water gun.
one thing that squirts is	hose.
one thing that squirts is	ketchup.
one thing that squirts is	lemon.
one thing that squirts is	squid.
one thing that comes in nuggets is	gold.
one thing that comes in nuggets is	chicken.
one thing that comes in nuggets is	wings.
one thing that comes in nuggets is	hen.
one thing that comes in nuggets is	rooster.
one thing that comes in nuggets is	sweets.
one thing that comes in nuggets is	suckers.
one thing that comes in nuggets is	lollipops.
one thing that comes in nuggets is	licorice.
one thing that comes in nuggets is	candy.
one thing that comes in nuggets is	bonbons.
one thing that comes in nuggets is	chocolate.
one thing a man doesn't like being turned down for is	sex.
one thing a man doesn't like being turned down for is	date.
one thing a man doesn't like being turned down for is	job.
one thing a man doesn't like being turned down for is	credit/loan.
one thing people do with a stick is	stickball.
one thing people do with a stick is	walk.
one thing people do with a stick is	throw.
one thing people do with a stick is	poke.
one thing people do with a stick is	roast marshmellows.
one thing people do with a stick is	start fire.
one country with champion skiiers is	canada.
one country with champion skiiers is	switzerland.
one country with champion skiiers is	austria.
one country with champion skiiers is	australia.
one country with champion skiiers is	norway.
one country with champion skiiers is	sweden.
one famous character from lord of the rings is	frodo baggins.
one famous character from lord of the rings is	gandalf.
one famous character from lord of the rings is	gollum.
one famous character from lord of the rings is	samwise.
one famous character from lord of the rings is	bilbo baggins.
one subject some people consider "personal" is	love life.
one subject some people consider "personal" is	finances.
one subject some people consider "personal" is	religion.
one subject some people consider "personal" is	weight.
one subject some people consider "personal" is	health.
one thing that happens to a celebrity that makes the news is	divorce.
one thing that happens to a celebrity that makes the news is	marriage.
one thing that happens to a celebrity that makes the news is	affair.
one thing that happens to a celebrity that makes the news is	arrested.
one thing that happens to a celebrity that makes the news is	death.
one thing that happens to a celebrity that makes the news is	rehab.
one thing you do everyday that the queen of england has never done is	housework.
one thing you do everyday that the queen of england has never done is	work.
one thing you do everyday that the queen of england has never done is	cook.
one thing you do everyday that the queen of england has never done is	drive.
one thing you do everyday that the queen of england has never done is	dress herself.
the person you would most like to be stranded with is	spouse.
the person you would most like to be stranded with is	family.
the person you would most like to be stranded with is	best friend.
the person you would most like to be stranded with is	jennifer aniston.
the person you would most like to be stranded with is	denzel washington.
the person you would most like to be stranded with is	brad pitt.
one thing you want to know about a restaurant before you eat there is	kind of food?.
one thing you want to know about a restaurant before you eat there is	inspection grade?.
one thing you want to know about a restaurant before you eat there is	how expensive?.
one thing you want to know about a restaurant before you eat there is	how's service?.
one trick you do with a yo-yo is	walk the dog.
one trick you do with a yo-yo is	around the world.
one trick you do with a yo-yo is	rock the baby.
one trick you do with a yo-yo is	spaghetti.
one trick you do with a yo-yo is	spin it.
one trick you do with a yo-yo is	cradle.
one sport that is played with a ball is	football.
one sport that is played with a ball is	baseball.
one sport that is played with a ball is	basketball.
one sport that is played with a ball is	soccer.
one sport that is played with a ball is	tennis.
one thing tourists see in egypt is	pyramids.
one thing tourists see in egypt is	camels.
one thing tourists see in egypt is	sand.
one thing tourists see in egypt is	sphinx.
one thing tourists see in egypt is	tourists.
one thing tourists see in egypt is	mummies.
one thing tourists see in egypt is	egyptians.
one thing tourists see in egypt is	tombs.
one thing you might have to do if you got a speeding ticket is	pay money.
one thing you might have to do if you got a speeding ticket is	go to court.
one thing about some people's voices that's very annoying is	pitch.
one thing about some people's voices that's very annoying is	loud.
one thing about some people's voices that's very annoying is	nasal.
one thing about some people's voices that's very annoying is	whiney.
one thing about some people's voices that's very annoying is	squeaky.
one thing about some people's voices that's very annoying is	hoarse.
one day to display the flag is	fourth of july.
one day to display the flag is	memorial day.
one day to display the flag is	flag day.
one day to display the flag is	everyday.
one day to display the flag is	patriot day.
one thing people put in the microwave that they shouldn't is	foil.
one thing people put in the microwave that they shouldn't is	plastic.
one thing people put in the microwave that they shouldn't is	fork.
one thing that is harder to do in the snow is	walk.
one thing that is harder to do in the snow is	drive.
one christmas activity that adults get just as excited about as their kids do is	opening presents.
one christmas activity that adults get just as excited about as their kids do is	decorating the tree.
one christmas activity that adults get just as excited about as their kids do is	eating sweets.
one christmas activity that adults get just as excited about as their kids do is	singing carols.
one thing that softens with age is	skin.
one thing that softens with age is	fruit.
one thing that softens with age is	leather.
one thing that softens with age is	cheese.
one thing that softens with age is	nanna.
one thing a nudist wouldn't want to sit on is	cactus.
one thing a nudist wouldn't want to sit on is	cold chair.
one thing a nudist wouldn't want to sit on is	hot rock.
one thing a nudist wouldn't want to sit on is	sand.
one thing a nudist wouldn't want to sit on is	tack.
one thing a nudist wouldn't want to sit on is	tree stump.
one thing a nudist wouldn't want to sit on is	broken glass.
one thing a nudist wouldn't want to sit on is	ice.
one place in a big city where people fight over taxis is	airport.
one place in a big city where people fight over taxis is	movies.
one place in a big city where people fight over taxis is	hotel.
one place in a big city where people fight over taxis is	restaurant.
one place in a big city where people fight over taxis is	train station.
one place in a big city where people fight over taxis is	bus terminal.
one place in a big city where people fight over taxis is	mall.
one thing it's nice to do in front of a fire is	cuddle.
one thing it's nice to do in front of a fire is	sleep.
one thing it's nice to do in front of a fire is	marshmellows.
one thing it's nice to do in front of a fire is	read.
one thing it's nice to do in front of a fire is	sit.
one thing it's nice to do in front of a fire is	talk.
one animal with long ears is	rabbit.
one animal with long ears is	dog.
one animal with long ears is	elephant.
one animal with long ears is	donkey/mule.
one former president you wish were around to get america out of the mess it's in is	ronald reagan.
one former president you wish were around to get america out of the mess it's in is	john kennedy.
one former president you wish were around to get america out of the mess it's in is	abraham lincoln.
one former president you wish were around to get america out of the mess it's in is	fdr.
one former president you wish were around to get america out of the mess it's in is	bill clinton.
one former president you wish were around to get america out of the mess it's in is	teddy roosevelt.
one thing you might get at a movie concession stand to go with your popcorn is	soda.
one thing you might get at a movie concession stand to go with your popcorn is	butter.
one movie that is set in outer space is	starwars.
one movie that is set in outer space is	star trek.
one movie that is set in outer space is	2001.
one movie that is set in outer space is	lost in space.
one movie that is set in outer space is	apollo 13.
one movie that is set in outer space is	alien.
one thing other countries think the united states has too much of is	money.
one thing other countries think the united states has too much of is	freedom.
one thing other countries think the united states has too much of is	arrogance.
one thing other countries think the united states has too much of is	overweight people.
one thing other countries think the united states has too much of is	food.
one thing other countries think the united states has too much of is	material possessions.
one thing you might ask a bathroom attendant for is	towels.
one thing you might ask a bathroom attendant for is	toilet paper.
one thing about his appearance that a man checks before he approaches an attractive woman is	his hair.
one thing about his appearance that a man checks before he approaches an attractive woman is	clothes/zipper.
one thing about his appearance that a man checks before he approaches an attractive woman is	face/shave.
one thing about his appearance that a man checks before he approaches an attractive woman is	his breath.
one thing about his appearance that a man checks before he approaches an attractive woman is	his teeth.
one thing that people are said to "bask in" is	the sun.
one thing that people are said to "bask in" is	their glory.
one thing that people are said to "bask in" is	their wealth.
one thing that people are said to "bask in" is	the glow.
one thing that people are said to "bask in" is	the spotlight.
one sign that two people are in love is	kissing.
one sign that two people are in love is	hold hands.
one sign that two people are in love is	married.
one sign that two people are in love is	smiling.
one sign that two people are in love is	always together.
one tv animal you wish you could have as a pet is	lassie.
one tv animal you wish you could have as a pet is	garfield.
one tv animal you wish you could have as a pet is	flipper.
one tv animal you wish you could have as a pet is	benji.
one tv animal you wish you could have as a pet is	mr. ed.
one country with a history of seafaring men is	norway.
one country with a history of seafaring men is	england.
one country with a history of seafaring men is	spain.
one country with a history of seafaring men is	portugal.
one country with a history of seafaring men is	greece.
one country with a history of seafaring men is	usa.
one specific form of entertainment you think costs too much is	movies.
one specific form of entertainment you think costs too much is	concert.
one specific form of entertainment you think costs too much is	sporting event.
one specific form of entertainment you think costs too much is	theater/opera.
one specific form of entertainment you think costs too much is	amusement park.
one thing that you see on the cover of a christmas card is	christmas tree.
one thing that you see on the cover of a christmas card is	santa claus.
one thing that you see on the cover of a christmas card is	christmas greeting.
one thing that you see on the cover of a christmas card is	snow/snowman.
one thing that you see on the cover of a christmas card is	angels.
one thing that you see on the cover of a christmas card is	nativity/jesus.
one thing that you see on the cover of a christmas card is	reindeer.
one occupation whose members should be very clean is	doctor.
one occupation whose members should be very clean is	nurse.
one occupation whose members should be very clean is	cook.
one occupation whose members should be very clean is	house keeper.
one occupation whose members should be very clean is	police officer.
one famous female pop star is	britney spears.
one famous female pop star is	madonna.
one famous female pop star is	miley cyrus.
one famous female pop star is	beyonce.
one famous female pop star is	lady gaga.
one famous female pop star is	katy perry.
one thing that parents wish that their newborn babies would be able to do right away is	talk.
one thing that parents wish that their newborn babies would be able to do right away is	use bathroom.
one thing that parents wish that their newborn babies would be able to do right away is	sleep through night.
one thing that parents wish that their newborn babies would be able to do right away is	walk.
one thing that parents wish that their newborn babies would be able to do right away is	drink bottle.
one thing people do right after they eat is	relax.
one thing people do right after they eat is	belch.
one thing people do right after they eat is	brush teeth.
one thing people do right after they eat is	dishes.
one thing people do right after they eat is	use bathroom.
one thing people do right after they eat is	loosen belt.
one thing a child learns slowly how to do is	walk.
one thing a child learns slowly how to do is	read.
one thing a child learns slowly how to do is	talk.
one thing a child learns slowly how to do is	tie their shoes.
one thing a child learns slowly how to do is	write.
one thing you would not like to win as a prize on a game show is	pets.
one thing you would not like to win as a prize on a game show is	dog food.
one thing you would not like to win as a prize on a game show is	candy.
one thing you would not like to win as a prize on a game show is	gift cards.
one thing that might be against the rules at a public pool is	running.
one thing that might be against the rules at a public pool is	diving.
one thing that might be against the rules at a public pool is	pee.
one thing that might be against the rules at a public pool is	be nude.
one thing that might be against the rules at a public pool is	horse play.
one thing that might be against the rules at a public pool is	drinking.
one olympic event that has a judge is	skating.
one olympic event that has a judge is	gymnastics.
one olympic event that has a judge is	swimming.
one olympic event that has a judge is	diving.
one olympic event that has a judge is	boxing.
one olympic event that has a judge is	skiing.
one olympic event that has a judge is	tennis.
one bad habit that kids pick up from their older brothers and sisters is	swearing.
one bad habit that kids pick up from their older brothers and sisters is	smoking cigarette.
one bad habit that kids pick up from their older brothers and sisters is	fighting.
one bad habit that kids pick up from their older brothers and sisters is	talking back.
one bad habit that kids pick up from their older brothers and sisters is	bad attitude.
one bad habit that kids pick up from their older brothers and sisters is	lying.
one important event you'd go to even if you were sick is	wedding.
one important event you'd go to even if you were sick is	church service.
one important event you'd go to even if you were sick is	funeral.
one important event you'd go to even if you were sick is	graduation.
one important event you'd go to even if you were sick is	concert.
one important event you'd go to even if you were sick is	sporting event.
one expensive cut of beef is	filet mignon.
one expensive cut of beef is	prime rib.
one expensive cut of beef is	sirloin.
one expensive cut of beef is	t-bone.
one expensive cut of beef is	tenderloin.
one expensive cut of beef is	rib eye.
one way you can tell that a fruit has gone bad is	color.
one way you can tell that a fruit has gone bad is	mushy.
one way you can tell that a fruit has gone bad is	smells.
one way you can tell that a fruit has gone bad is	shriveled.
one way you can tell that a fruit has gone bad is	moldy.
one thing a kid might draw on their bedroom walls is	people.
one thing a kid might draw on their bedroom walls is	names.
one thing a kid might draw on their bedroom walls is	animals.
one thing a kid might draw on their bedroom walls is	celestial objects.
one thing a kid might draw on their bedroom walls is	family.
one place where people hide things is	under mattress.
one place where people hide things is	closet.
one place where people hide things is	drawers.
one place where people hide things is	safe.
one place where people hide things is	freezer.
one place where people hide things is	attic.
one thing people take inside during bad weather is	clothes.
one thing people take inside during bad weather is	pets.
one thing people take inside during bad weather is	umbrella.
one thing people take inside during bad weather is	furniture.
one thing people take inside during bad weather is	shoes.
one thing people take inside during bad weather is	bicycle.
the most important feature of an attractive face is	eyes.
the most important feature of an attractive face is	mouth/smile.
the most important feature of an attractive face is	nose.
the most important feature of an attractive face is	cheekbones.
one thing you need to sew a dress is	needle.
one thing you need to sew a dress is	sewing machine.
one thing you need to sew a dress is	thread.
one thing you need to sew a dress is	fabric.
one thing you need to sew a dress is	pin.
one thing that's usually the job of the first person to get up in the morning is	coffee/breakfast.
one thing that's usually the job of the first person to get up in the morning is	wake up kids.
one thing that's usually the job of the first person to get up in the morning is	walk dog.
one thing that's usually the job of the first person to get up in the morning is	turn heat on.
one thing cookies get dipped in is	milk.
one thing cookies get dipped in is	chocolate.
one person who uses a baton is	majorette.
one person who uses a baton is	conductor.
one person who uses a baton is	police officer.
one movie that takes place in space is	star wars series.
one movie that takes place in space is	apollo 13.
one movie that takes place in space is	lost in space.
one movie that takes place in space is	star trek.
one movie that takes place in space is	2001: space odys..
one movie that takes place in space is	alien series.
one movie that takes place in space is	armageddon.
one thing you pay for once a year is	insurance.
one thing you pay for once a year is	taxes.
one thing you pay for once a year is	pet licence.
one thing you pay for once a year is	gym membership.
one reason why one person might quit their job is	the pay.
one reason why one person might quit their job is	hate the boss.
one reason why one person might quit their job is	better job.
one reason why one person might quit their job is	won the lottery.
one reason why one person might quit their job is	moving.
one specific part of your body that you smack out of surprise is	cheek/face.
one specific part of your body that you smack out of surprise is	forehead.
one specific part of your body that you smack out of surprise is	knee.
one specific part of your body that you smack out of surprise is	mouth.
one thing you might prick your finger on is	needle.
one thing you might prick your finger on is	thorn.
one thing you might prick your finger on is	pin.
one thing you might prick your finger on is	thumbtack.
one thing you might prick your finger on is	nail.
one thing you prepare for but hope never happens is	death.
one thing you prepare for but hope never happens is	earthquake.
one thing you prepare for but hope never happens is	tornados.
one thing you prepare for but hope never happens is	fire.
one thing you prepare for but hope never happens is	hurricane.
one thing you prepare for but hope never happens is	divorce.
one thing women might leave lipstick marks on is	face.
one thing women might leave lipstick marks on is	letter.
one thing women might leave lipstick marks on is	collar.
one thing women might leave lipstick marks on is	cup.
one thing women might leave lipstick marks on is	straw.
one thing women might leave lipstick marks on is	pillow.
the heaviest thing in your house is	fridge.
the heaviest thing in your house is	couch.
the heaviest thing in your house is	television.
the heaviest thing in your house is	piano.
the heaviest thing in your house is	bed.
the heaviest thing in your house is	dresser.
one thing a dad might teach his kids to do is	play sports.
one thing a dad might teach his kids to do is	ride a bike.
one thing a dad might teach his kids to do is	drive.
one thing a dad might teach his kids to do is	fish.
one thing a dad might teach his kids to do is	mow the lawn.
one person you might offer a ride to is	friends.
one person you might offer a ride to is	neighbors.
one person you might offer a ride to is	coworkers.
one person you might offer a ride to is	hitch hiker.
one person you might offer a ride to is	elderly person.
one person you might offer a ride to is	family.
one mistake that little children make when getting dressed is	shoes on wrong.
one mistake that little children make when getting dressed is	clothes backwards.
one mistake that little children make when getting dressed is	wrong button.
one mistake that little children make when getting dressed is	inside out.
one mistake that little children make when getting dressed is	tie shoes wrong.
one thing that might make a first bad impression is	appearance.
one thing that might make a first bad impression is	bad breath.
one thing that might make a first bad impression is	being late.
one thing that might make a first bad impression is	bad manners.
one thing that might make a first bad impression is	bad attitude.
one thing a soldier in the army might have to go without for a while is	good food.
one thing a soldier in the army might have to go without for a while is	lovemaking.
one thing a soldier in the army might have to go without for a while is	sleep/bed.
one thing a soldier in the army might have to go without for a while is	bathing.
one thing a soldier in the army might have to go without for a while is	seeing family.
one thing you worry about before falling asleep at night is	money.
one thing you worry about before falling asleep at night is	work.
one movie you might watch on valentine's day is	the notebook.
one movie you might watch on valentine's day is	valentine's day.
one movie you might watch on valentine's day is	pretty woman.
one movie you might watch on valentine's day is	sleepless in seattle.
one movie you might watch on valentine's day is	titanic.
one movie you might watch on valentine's day is	love story.
one place some men have hair on their bodies that others don't is	chest.
one place some men have hair on their bodies that others don't is	back.
one thing you might expect to see a lot of in beverly hills is	movie stars.
one thing you might expect to see a lot of in beverly hills is	mansions.
one thing you might expect to see a lot of in beverly hills is	exotic cars.
one thing a flight attendant points out during the safety speech is	exits.
one thing a flight attendant points out during the safety speech is	seat belts.
one thing a flight attendant points out during the safety speech is	oxygen mask.
one thing a flight attendant points out during the safety speech is	flotation device.
one food that families with kids always have on hand is	cereal.
one food that families with kids always have on hand is	mac and cheese.
one food that families with kids always have on hand is	frozen pizza.
one thing you have to put up with if you live in los angeles is	smog.
one thing you have to put up with if you live in los angeles is	traffic.
one thing you have to put up with if you live in los angeles is	earthquakes.
one thing you have to put up with if you live in los angeles is	the people.
some place where people whisper is	church.
some place where people whisper is	library.
some place where people whisper is	movie.
some place where people whisper is	work.
some place where people whisper is	funeral.
some place where people whisper is	bedroom.
some place where people whisper is	restaurant.
the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have is	doctor.
the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have is	president.
the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have is	ceo.
the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have is	entrepreneur.
the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have is	actor.
the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have is	lawyer.
the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have is	football player.
the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have is	carpenter.
one thing you buy at a hospital gift shop is	flowers.
one thing you buy at a hospital gift shop is	card.
one thing you buy at a hospital gift shop is	balloons.
one public place where you see parents disciplining their children is	store/mall.
one public place where you see parents disciplining their children is	park/field.
one public place where you see parents disciplining their children is	school/playground.
one public place where you see parents disciplining their children is	restaurant.
one thing that birds do is	they fly.
one thing that birds do is	they chirp/sing.
one thing that birds do is	they poop.
one thing that birds do is	they peck.
one thing that birds do is	they build nests.
one amusement park ride that you could compare to marriage is	roller coaster.
one amusement park ride that you could compare to marriage is	merry-go-round.
one amusement park ride that you could compare to marriage is	ferris wheel.
one amusement park ride that you could compare to marriage is	bumper cars.
one thing a woman fixes is	meals.
one thing a woman fixes is	her hair.
one thing a woman fixes is	clothes/sewing.
one thing a woman fixes is	car/flat tire.
one thing a woman fixes is	plumbing.
one thing a woman fixes is	lamp/lightbulb.
one thing that a dog might fetch is	ball.
one thing that a dog might fetch is	stick.
one thing that a dog might fetch is	bone.
one thing that a dog might fetch is	frisbee.
one thing that contains the word "potato" is	potato chip.
one thing that contains the word "potato" is	mr. potato head.
one thing that contains the word "potato" is	baked potato.
one thing that contains the word "potato" is	couch potato.
one thing that contains the word "potato" is	potato salad.
one thing that contains the word "potato" is	hot potato.
one thing people put in iced tea is	lemon.
one thing people put in iced tea is	sugar.
one thing people put in iced tea is	ice.
one thing people put in iced tea is	sweetener.
one reason one person might have a garage sale is	moving.
one reason one person might have a garage sale is	need money.
one reason one person might have a garage sale is	too much stuff.
one reason one person might have a garage sale is	cleaning out garage.
one thing robbers of the wild west stole is	money.
one thing robbers of the wild west stole is	gold.
one thing robbers of the wild west stole is	horses.
one thing robbers of the wild west stole is	cattle.
one thing robbers of the wild west stole is	loot.
one thing husbands ask their wives advice about is	clothing/looks.
one thing husbands ask their wives advice about is	finances.
one thing husbands ask their wives advice about is	job/career.
one thing husbands ask their wives advice about is	kids.
one thing husbands ask their wives advice about is	cooking.
one phone number that many people have on speed dial is	911.
one phone number that many people have on speed dial is	parents' house.
one phone number that many people have on speed dial is	home phone.
one phone number that many people have on speed dial is	significant other.
one phone number that many people have on speed dial is	doctor.
one phone number that many people have on speed dial is	work.
one man famous for wearing women's clothing is	dennis rodman.
one man famous for wearing women's clothing is	rupaul.
one man famous for wearing women's clothing is	dustin hoffman.
one man famous for wearing women's clothing is	j. edgar hoover.
one man famous for wearing women's clothing is	milton berle.
one thing you have checked before buying a house is	plumbing.
one thing you have checked before buying a house is	roof.
one thing you have checked before buying a house is	cost.
one thing you have checked before buying a house is	termites.
one thing you have checked before buying a house is	neighborhood.
one thing you have checked before buying a house is	furnace.
one thing you have checked before buying a house is	title.
one thing you have checked before buying a house is	construction.
one thing you have checked before buying a house is	wiring.
one thing you have checked before buying a house is	schools.
one thing you have checked before buying a house is	interest rate.
one thing that might be shallow is	pool.
one thing that might be shallow is	people.
one thing that might be shallow is	lake.
one thing that might be shallow is	puddle.
one thing that might be shallow is	river.
one thing that might be shallow is	grave.
one wood that's used for making wood is	oak.
one wood that's used for making wood is	maple.
one wood that's used for making wood is	cherry.
one wood that's used for making wood is	cedar.
one thing people find under their sofa cushions is	money.
one thing people find under their sofa cushions is	food.
one state where people speak with an accent is	texas.
one state where people speak with an accent is	georgia.
one state where people speak with an accent is	alabama.
one state where people speak with an accent is	new york.
one state where people speak with an accent is	louisiana.
one state where people speak with an accent is	massachusetts.
one thing you might go to on the 4th of july is	fireworks show.
one thing you might go to on the 4th of july is	barbecue.
one thing you might go to on the 4th of july is	parade.
one thing you might go to on the 4th of july is	picnic.
one thing pack rats have a hard time throwing out is	photos.
one thing pack rats have a hard time throwing out is	letters.
one thing pack rats have a hard time throwing out is	clothing.
one thing pack rats have a hard time throwing out is	books.
one thing pack rats have a hard time throwing out is	reading material.
one thing in your car that might distract you while you're driving is	radio.
one thing in your car that might distract you while you're driving is	cell phone.
one thing in your car that might distract you while you're driving is	children.
one thing in your car that might distract you while you're driving is	bee.
one thing in your car that might distract you while you're driving is	fly.
one thing in your car that might distract you while you're driving is	smoke.
one reason you might hold your nose is	bad smell.
one reason you might hold your nose is	under water.
one reason you might hold your nose is	sneeze.
one reason you might hold your nose is	bloody nose.
one reason you might hold your nose is	blow nose.
one food you can cook just as well a most restaurants is	steak.
one food you can cook just as well a most restaurants is	hamburger.
one food you can cook just as well a most restaurants is	spaghetti.
one food you can cook just as well a most restaurants is	chicken.
one food you can cook just as well a most restaurants is	eggs.
one food you can cook just as well a most restaurants is	potatoes.
one thing specific that teenagers do that makes their parents very angry is	try alcohol/cigarette.
one thing specific that teenagers do that makes their parents very angry is	lie.
one thing specific that teenagers do that makes their parents very angry is	break curfew.
one thing specific that teenagers do that makes their parents very angry is	answer back.
one type of professional who might overcharge you if you don't know any better is	mechanic.
one type of professional who might overcharge you if you don't know any better is	lawyer.
one type of professional who might overcharge you if you don't know any better is	doctor/dentist.
one type of professional who might overcharge you if you don't know any better is	plumber.
one type of professional who might overcharge you if you don't know any better is	car dealer.
one sport where people wear shorts is	basketball.
one sport where people wear shorts is	tennis.
one sport where people wear shorts is	soccer.
one sport where people wear shorts is	volleyball.
one hairstyle that might not fit on a passport photo is	beehive.
one hairstyle that might not fit on a passport photo is	afro.
one hairstyle that might not fit on a passport photo is	mohawk.
one movie or tv show with dinosaurs is	jurassic park.
one movie or tv show with dinosaurs is	flintstones.
one movie or tv show with dinosaurs is	land before time.
one movie or tv show with dinosaurs is	dinosaurs.
one movie or tv show with dinosaurs is	land of the lost.
one thing kids might throw at each other is	snowballs.
one thing kids might throw at each other is	water balloons.
one thing kids might throw at each other is	rocks.
one thing kids might throw at each other is	pillows.
one thing kids might throw at each other is	mud.
one sport that recently became popular with women athletes is	basketball.
one sport that recently became popular with women athletes is	tennis.
one sport that recently became popular with women athletes is	boxing.
one sport that recently became popular with women athletes is	soccer.
one sport that recently became popular with women athletes is	football.
one thing that might go off in the fridge is	milk.
one thing that might go off in the fridge is	cheese.
one thing that might go off in the fridge is	vegetables.
one thing that might go off in the fridge is	light.
one thing that might go off in the fridge is	yoghurt.
one thing that might go off in the fridge is	meat.
one thing that might go off in the fridge is	cream.
one thing that might go off in the fridge is	fruit.
one thing you would never want one person to see you wearing is	underwear.
one thing you would never want one person to see you wearing is	bikini.
one thing you would never want one person to see you wearing is	birthday suit.
one thing you would never want one person to see you wearing is	pajamas.
one thing you would never want one person to see you wearing is	wig.
one thing a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive is	tires.
one thing a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive is	steering wheel.
one thing a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive is	battery.
one thing a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive is	keys.
one thing a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive is	engine.
one thing a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive is	gas.
one thing a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive is	distributor c....
one thing a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive is	wires.
one board game a family might play together is	monopoly.
one board game a family might play together is	scrabble.
one board game a family might play together is	game of life.
one fruit pirates might eat in order to avoid getting scurvy is	orange.
one fruit pirates might eat in order to avoid getting scurvy is	apple.
one fruit pirates might eat in order to avoid getting scurvy is	pineapple.
one fruit pirates might eat in order to avoid getting scurvy is	lemon.
one fruit pirates might eat in order to avoid getting scurvy is	grapes.
one major airport is	jfk.
one major airport is	lax.
one major airport is	o'hare.
one major airport is	laguardia.
one major airport is	philadelphia internation.
one thing on your car that you need to check often is	tires.
one thing on your car that you need to check often is	brakes.
one thing on your car that you need to check often is	wipers.
one thing on your car that you need to check often is	the oil.
one thing on your car that you need to check often is	engine.
one thing you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par is	roaches/bugs.
one thing you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par is	dirty dish/s'ware.
one thing you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par is	health rating.
one thing you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par is	rats/mice.
one thing you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par is	dirty floors.
one thing you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par is	hair in food.
one thing you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par is	dirty bathroom.
one thing you might hear one person at work just got is	raise.
one thing you might hear one person at work just got is	new car.
one thing you might hear one person at work just got is	fired.
one thing you might hear one person at work just got is	sick.
one thing you might have to get a credit check for is	buying a house.
one thing you might have to get a credit check for is	applying for a loan.
one thing you might have to get a credit check for is	buying a car.
one thing you might have to get a credit check for is	credit application.
one thing you might have to get a credit check for is	rent apartment.
one animal that might make a good first pet is	fish.
one animal that might make a good first pet is	dogs.
one animal that might make a good first pet is	cat.
one animal that might make a good first pet is	hamsters.
one thing that might be half-black and half-white is	animal.
one thing that might be half-black and half-white is	cookie.
one thing that might be half-black and half-white is	person.
one thing that might be half-black and half-white is	newspaper.
one thing that might be half-black and half-white is	ying yang symbol.
one thing you might do on sunday is	church.
one thing you might do on sunday is	relax.
one thing you might do on sunday is	watch football.
one thing you might do on sunday is	sleep in.
one thing you might do on sunday is	watch tv.
one thing that you now wish had been forced to do as a child is	study.
one thing that you now wish had been forced to do as a child is	exercise.
one thing that you now wish had been forced to do as a child is	play instrument.
one thing that you now wish had been forced to do as a child is	eat right.
one thing that you now wish had been forced to do as a child is	care for teeth.
one thing that you now wish had been forced to do as a child is	work hard.
one thing that you now wish had been forced to do as a child is	house work.
one part of the body that moves a lot is	hands.
one part of the body that moves a lot is	legs.
one part of the body that moves a lot is	eyes.
one part of the body that moves a lot is	arms.
one part of the body that moves a lot is	mouth.
one part of the body that moves a lot is	head.
one thing babies like to see their mommy holding is	bottle.
one thing babies like to see their mommy holding is	toy.
one thing babies like to see their mommy holding is	them.
one thing babies like to see their mommy holding is	food.
one thing babies like to see their mommy holding is	blanket.
one thing babies like to see their mommy holding is	pacifier.
one thing babies like to see their mommy holding is	pet.
one kind of building that has many beds in it is	hospital.
one kind of building that has many beds in it is	hotel.
one kind of building that has many beds in it is	dormitory.
one kind of building that has many beds in it is	barracks.
one thing you regret not doing more of in college is	studying.
one thing you regret not doing more of in college is	partying.
one thing you regret not doing more of in college is	going on dates.
one thing you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter is	bugs.
one thing you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter is	dirty dishes.
one thing you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter is	cat.
one thing you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter is	mouse.
one thing you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter is	shoes.
one thing you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter is	crumbs.
one thing you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter is	left out food.
one thing people buy by the roll is	toilet paper.
one thing people buy by the roll is	paper towel.
one thing you wish you'd been born with is	money.
one thing you wish you'd been born with is	good looks/hair.
one thing you wish you'd been born with is	better body.
one thing you wish you'd been born with is	intelligence.
one thing you wish you'd been born with is	height.
one thing specific you hope your kids do when they're guests at one person else's house is	best behavior.
one thing specific you hope your kids do when they're guests at one person else's house is	say please/thanks.
one thing specific you hope your kids do when they're guests at one person else's house is	clean up.
one living thing that hops is	rabbit/bunny.
one living thing that hops is	frog.
one living thing that hops is	kangaroo.
one living thing that hops is	grasshopper.
one thing women do together that a man would be embarrassed doing with another guy is	try on clothes.
one thing women do together that a man would be embarrassed doing with another guy is	talk/gossip.
one thing women do together that a man would be embarrassed doing with another guy is	shop.
one thing women do together that a man would be embarrassed doing with another guy is	hug/kiss.
one thing women do together that a man would be embarrassed doing with another guy is	go to bathroom.
one thing students would not want the teacher to catch them doing is	cheating.
one thing students would not want the teacher to catch them doing is	smoking.
one thing students would not want the teacher to catch them doing is	passing notes.
one thing students would not want the teacher to catch them doing is	talking.
one thing students would not want the teacher to catch them doing is	sleeping.
one thing students would not want the teacher to catch them doing is	chewing gum.
one gambling game where you bet on a certain number coming up is	lotto.
one gambling game where you bet on a certain number coming up is	roulette.
one gambling game where you bet on a certain number coming up is	blackjack.
one instance when you should greet one person with a handshake instead of a hug is	interview/work.
one instance when you should greet one person with a handshake instead of a hug is	introduction.
one instance when you should greet one person with a handshake instead of a hug is	place of worship.
one instance when you should greet one person with a handshake instead of a hug is	family reunion.
one instance when you should greet one person with a handshake instead of a hug is	first date.
one thing people often take for granted is	money.
one thing people often take for granted is	family.
one thing people often take for granted is	house.
one thing people often take for granted is	electricity.
one thing people often take for granted is	love.
one thing people often take for granted is	water.
one profession that requires you to speak in front of people is	teacher.
one profession that requires you to speak in front of people is	lawyer.
one profession that requires you to speak in front of people is	politician.
one profession that requires you to speak in front of people is	preacher.
one thing specific people skip is	meals.
one thing specific people skip is	rope.
one thing specific people skip is	school.
one thing specific people skip is	work.
one thing specific people skip is	rocks.
one food or drink that contains the word "hot" is	..chocolate/cocoa.
one food or drink that contains the word "hot" is	hot dog.
one food or drink that contains the word "hot" is	hot tea.
one food or drink that contains the word "hot" is	hot coffee.
one food or drink that contains the word "hot" is	hot sauce.
one food or drink that contains the word "hot" is	hot tamale.
one thing that's good about living alone is	freedom.
one thing that's good about living alone is	peace.
one thing that's good about living alone is	privacy.
one thing that's good about living alone is	less to clean.
one thing that's good about living alone is	control of food.
one thing that's good about living alone is	control of remote.
one place that does its best business in the morning is	coffee shop.
one place that does its best business in the morning is	fast food.
one place that does its best business in the morning is	bakery.
one place that does its best business in the morning is	pancake house.
one place that does its best business in the morning is	newsstand.
one specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick is	tired.
one specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick is	beautiful day.
one specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick is	child ill.
one specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick is	vacation.
one specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick is	athletic event.
one specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick is	concert.
one specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick is	golfing.
one specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick is	beach.
one specific task a kid might want to do while helping to bake cookies is	lick the spoon.
one specific task a kid might want to do while helping to bake cookies is	mix.
one thing that many families have exactly two of is	vehicles.
one thing that many families have exactly two of is	children.
one thing that many families have exactly two of is	bathrooms.
one thing that many families have exactly two of is	tv sets.
one thing that many families have exactly two of is	pets.
one thing you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds is	shoes.
one thing you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds is	coat.
one thing you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds is	trousers.
one thing you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds is	shirt.
one thing you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds is	hat.
one thing you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds is	nightgown.
one thing you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds is	socks.
one thing you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds is	sweater.
one part of a woman's body that's very attractive when it's long is	legs.
one part of a woman's body that's very attractive when it's long is	hair.
one part of a woman's body that's very attractive when it's long is	fingers/nails.
one part of a woman's body that's very attractive when it's long is	neck.
one thing that has the word "shuttle" in it is	space shuttle.
one thing that has the word "shuttle" in it is	shuttle bus.
one professional basketball team is	los angeles lakers.
one professional basketball team is	boston celtics.
one professional basketball team is	chicago bulls.
one professional basketball team is	miami heat.
one person who is famous for their blue eyes is	frank sinatra.
one person who is famous for their blue eyes is	paul newman.
one person who is famous for their blue eyes is	robert redford.
one person who is famous for their blue eyes is	bette davis.
one person who is famous for their blue eyes is	bill clinton.
one thing a recruit in the military might spend a lot of time doing is	pushups.
one thing a recruit in the military might spend a lot of time doing is	marching.
one thing a recruit in the military might spend a lot of time doing is	running.
one thing a recruit in the military might spend a lot of time doing is	yelling.
one thing a recruit in the military might spend a lot of time doing is	drills.
one thing a recruit in the military might spend a lot of time doing is	make beds.
one thing most men cannot resist taking a look at is	women.
one thing most men cannot resist taking a look at is	cars.
one thing most men cannot resist taking a look at is	sports.
one thing most men cannot resist taking a look at is	accidents.
one thing that might accidentally get caught in a paper shredder is	tie.
one thing that might accidentally get caught in a paper shredder is	fingers.
one thing that might accidentally get caught in a paper shredder is	shirt.
one charity that has been around for years and years is	red cross.
one charity that has been around for years and years is	salvation army.
one charity that has been around for years and years is	amer. cancer soc..
one charity that has been around for years and years is	united way.
one charity that has been around for years and years is	musc. dyst. assn..
one us state that attracts a lot of tourists is	florida.
one us state that attracts a lot of tourists is	new york.
one us state that attracts a lot of tourists is	california.
one us state that attracts a lot of tourists is	hawaii.
one us state that attracts a lot of tourists is	nevada.
one thing of tarzan's that jane would get if they divorced is	cheetah/animals.
one thing of tarzan's that jane would get if they divorced is	treehouse/hut.
one thing of tarzan's that jane would get if they divorced is	rope/vine.
one thing of tarzan's that jane would get if they divorced is	1/2 the jungle.
one thing of tarzan's that jane would get if they divorced is	loincloth.
one thing people snack on between meals is	chips.
one thing people snack on between meals is	fruit.
one thing people snack on between meals is	chocolate.
one thing people snack on between meals is	biscuits.
one thing people snack on between meals is	nuts.
one thing people snack on between meals is	bread.
one bill you'll be paying every month for the rest of your life is	electricity.
one bill you'll be paying every month for the rest of your life is	insurance.
one bill you'll be paying every month for the rest of your life is	phone.
one bill you'll be paying every month for the rest of your life is	rent.
one bill you'll be paying every month for the rest of your life is	credit card.
one bill you'll be paying every month for the rest of your life is	car.
one part of a watch is	hands.
one part of a watch is	band.
one part of a watch is	face.
one part of a watch is	battery.
one part of a watch is	dial.
one part of a watch is	numbers.
one thing on your car that might break but wouldn't stop you from driving it is	mirrors.
one thing on your car that might break but wouldn't stop you from driving it is	radio.
one thing on your car that might break but wouldn't stop you from driving it is	windows.
one thing on your car that might break but wouldn't stop you from driving it is	headlights.
one thing on your car that might break but wouldn't stop you from driving it is	air conditioner.
one thing on your car that might break but wouldn't stop you from driving it is	wipers.
one type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do is	cartwheel.
one type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do is	somersault.
one type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do is	flip.
one type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do is	tumbling.
one type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do is	jump.
one type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do is	headstand.
one type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do is	handstand.
one thing a suspicious girlfriend may check in her boyfriend's cell phone is	messages.
one thing a suspicious girlfriend may check in her boyfriend's cell phone is	phone calls.
one day that is especially bad to break up on is	valentine's day.
one day that is especially bad to break up on is	birthday.
one day that is especially bad to break up on is	christmas.
one day that is especially bad to break up on is	friday.
one day that is especially bad to break up on is	anniversary.
one type of bird that you wouldn't want to eat is	pigeon.
one type of bird that you wouldn't want to eat is	crows.
one type of bird that you wouldn't want to eat is	robin.
one type of bird that you wouldn't want to eat is	parrot.
one type of bird that you wouldn't want to eat is	vulture.
one type of bird that you wouldn't want to eat is	buzzard.
one place where teenagers would be embarrassed to have their parents show up is	cafeteria/school.
one place where teenagers would be embarrassed to have their parents show up is	party.
one place where teenagers would be embarrassed to have their parents show up is	prom.
one place where teenagers would be embarrassed to have their parents show up is	date.
one place where teenagers would be embarrassed to have their parents show up is	mall.
one home improvement a cheap guy might try to do himself to save money is	plumbing.
one home improvement a cheap guy might try to do himself to save money is	painting.
one home improvement a cheap guy might try to do himself to save money is	roofing.
one home improvement a cheap guy might try to do himself to save money is	fixing floor.
one home improvement a cheap guy might try to do himself to save money is	carpeting.
one sport where people wear gloves is	boxing.
one sport where people wear gloves is	baseball.
one sport where people wear gloves is	football.
one sport where people wear gloves is	golf.
one sport where people wear gloves is	hockey.
one thing you get insurance for is	car.
one thing you get insurance for is	life.
one thing you get insurance for is	health.
one thing you get insurance for is	home.
one word a judge might yell out during a tennis match is	fault.
one word a judge might yell out during a tennis match is	foul.
one word a judge might yell out during a tennis match is	love.
one word a judge might yell out during a tennis match is	out.
one word a judge might yell out during a tennis match is	order.
one word a judge might yell out during a tennis match is	net.
one word a judge might yell out during a tennis match is	point.
one toy that you could buy your friend's child that might ruin your friendship is	water gun.
one toy that you could buy your friend's child that might ruin your friendship is	drums.
one us city known for its great restaurants is	new york.
one us city known for its great restaurants is	chicago.
one us city known for its great restaurants is	los angeles.
one us city known for its great restaurants is	new orleans.
one thing commonly found in fairy tales is	princess.
one thing commonly found in fairy tales is	prince charming.
one thing commonly found in fairy tales is	fairies.
one thing commonly found in fairy tales is	happy ending.
one thing commonly found in fairy tales is	witches.
one thing people keep under lock and key is	money.
one thing people keep under lock and key is	weapons.
one thing people keep under lock and key is	jewels.
one thing people keep under lock and key is	files.
one thing people keep under lock and key is	medicine.
one kind of boat that does not have an engine is	sailboat.
one kind of boat that does not have an engine is	canoe.
one kind of boat that does not have an engine is	rowboat.
one kind of boat that does not have an engine is	paddleboat.
one kind of boat that does not have an engine is	raft.
one kind of boat that does not have an engine is	kayak.
one kind of boat that does not have an engine is	barge.
one thing that hatches is	eggs.
one thing that hatches is	birds.
one thing that hatches is	reptile.
one thing that hatches is	plans.
one type of tv show is	gameshow.
one type of tv show is	sitcom.
one type of tv show is	drama.
one type of tv show is	reality.
one type of tv show is	soap opera.
one job you would never want to have is	trashman.
one job you would never want to have is	septic tank cleaner.
one job you would never want to have is	janitor.
one job you would never want to have is	police officer.
one job you would never want to have is	undertaker.
one farm animal a turkey might imitate to escape being eaten at thanksgiving is	chicken/rooster.
one farm animal a turkey might imitate to escape being eaten at thanksgiving is	cow.
one farm animal a turkey might imitate to escape being eaten at thanksgiving is	pig.
one farm animal a turkey might imitate to escape being eaten at thanksgiving is	duck.
one farm animal a turkey might imitate to escape being eaten at thanksgiving is	dog.
one farm animal a turkey might imitate to escape being eaten at thanksgiving is	goose.
one reason a parent might not get their teenager a cell phone is	bad grades.
one reason a parent might not get their teenager a cell phone is	bill.
one reason a parent might not get their teenager a cell phone is	too expensive.
one reason a parent might not get their teenager a cell phone is	too young.
one reason a parent might not get their teenager a cell phone is	boys.
one reason a parent might not get their teenager a cell phone is	irresponsible.
one thing a divorced couple literally cannot cut in half is	kids.
one thing a divorced couple literally cannot cut in half is	house.
one thing a divorced couple literally cannot cut in half is	rings.
one thing a mom would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma is	cuss.
one thing a mom would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma is	pass gas.
one thing a mom would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma is	pick nose.
one thing a mom would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma is	have a tantrum.
one thing a mom would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma is	whine/cry.
one thing you'd hate to hear a house-sitter say happened while you were gone is	fire.
one thing you'd hate to hear a house-sitter say happened while you were gone is	break in.
one thing you'd hate to hear a house-sitter say happened while you were gone is	accident happened.
one thing you'd hate to hear a house-sitter say happened while you were gone is	house flooded.
one thing you'd hate to hear a house-sitter say happened while you were gone is	kid is sick.
one thing you'd hate to hear a house-sitter say happened while you were gone is	plants died.
one thing people might turn their basement into is	game room.
one thing people might turn their basement into is	living room.
one thing people might turn their basement into is	bedroom.
one thing people might turn their basement into is	man cave.
one thing people might turn their basement into is	home theater.
one thing people think is a man's job is	taking out trash.
one thing people think is a man's job is	mow lawn.
one thing people think is a man's job is	breadwinner.
one thing people think is a man's job is	maintain cars.
one thing people think is a man's job is	construction.
one thing people think is a man's job is	u.s. president.
one celebrity you do not want teaching your kids how to drive is	britney spears.
one celebrity you do not want teaching your kids how to drive is	paris hilton.
one celebrity you do not want teaching your kids how to drive is	lindsay lohan.
one celebrity you do not want teaching your kids how to drive is	mel gibson.
one celebrity you do not want teaching your kids how to drive is	nicole ritchie.
one celebrity you do not want teaching your kids how to drive is	ted kennedy.
one thing whose cost could bankrupt the average american family is	house.
one thing whose cost could bankrupt the average american family is	credit cards.
one thing whose cost could bankrupt the average american family is	college.
one thing whose cost could bankrupt the average american family is	medical bills.
one thing whose cost could bankrupt the average american family is	car.
one thing whose cost could bankrupt the average american family is	utility bills.
one thing whose cost could bankrupt the average american family is	gambling.
one thing in america that's a lot dirtier than it used to be is	cities/streets.
one thing in america that's a lot dirtier than it used to be is	water/ocean.
one thing in america that's a lot dirtier than it used to be is	air.
one thing in america that's a lot dirtier than it used to be is	politics/govern..
one thing in america that's a lot dirtier than it used to be is	people's language.
one thing in america that's a lot dirtier than it used to be is	tv.
one vegetable that makes a loud noise when you eat it is	carrot.
one vegetable that makes a loud noise when you eat it is	celery.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning on a romantic dinner is	bottle of wine.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning on a romantic dinner is	candles.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning on a romantic dinner is	strawberries.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning on a romantic dinner is	champagne.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning on a romantic dinner is	whipped cream.
one thing you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning on a romantic dinner is	shrimp.
one place people go to read in peace is	library.
one place people go to read in peace is	park.
one place people go to read in peace is	bedroom.
one place people go to read in peace is	bathroom.
one place people go to read in peace is	bookstore.
one place people go to read in peace is	beach.
one kind of store a woman should spend time in if she wants to meet a man is	sporting goods.
one kind of store a woman should spend time in if she wants to meet a man is	grocery store.
one kind of store a woman should spend time in if she wants to meet a man is	men's clothing.
one kind of store a woman should spend time in if she wants to meet a man is	hardware store.
one kind of store a woman should spend time in if she wants to meet a man is	bookstore.
one kind of store a woman should spend time in if she wants to meet a man is	autoparts.
one beverage that has bubbles in it is	soda.
one beverage that has bubbles in it is	champagne.
one thing people "throw" is	ball.
one thing people "throw" is	tantrum.
one thing people "throw" is	attitude.
one thing people "throw" is	dishes.
one thing people "throw" is	frisbee.
one olympic event that you'd be too terrified to try is	downhill skiing.
one olympic event that you'd be too terrified to try is	diving.
one olympic event that you'd be too terrified to try is	gymnastics.
one olympic event that you'd be too terrified to try is	pole vault.
one olympic event that you'd be too terrified to try is	bobsledding.
one person a person might confess a crime to is	clergy.
one person a person might confess a crime to is	friend.
one person a person might confess a crime to is	police.
one person a person might confess a crime to is	spouse/mate.
one kind of place where it's easy to catch other people's germs is	doctor.
one kind of place where it's easy to catch other people's germs is	bathroom.
one kind of place where it's easy to catch other people's germs is	bus.
one kind of place where it's easy to catch other people's germs is	mall.
one kind of place where it's easy to catch other people's germs is	movie.
one kind of place where it's easy to catch other people's germs is	work.
one thing a women might keep in her purse is	makeup.
one thing a women might keep in her purse is	wallet.
one thing the christmas spirit makes you feel like doing is	shopping/gifts.
one thing the christmas spirit makes you feel like doing is	singing/caroling.
one thing the christmas spirit makes you feel like doing is	dancing/partying.
one thing the christmas spirit makes you feel like doing is	decorating/tree.
one thing the christmas spirit makes you feel like doing is	baking/cooking.
one cartoon mouse is	mickey mouse.
one cartoon mouse is	jerry.
one cartoon mouse is	mighty mouse.
one cartoon mouse is	speedy gonzales.
one cartoon mouse is	the brain.
one cartoon mouse is	pinky.
one thing you hate to use it it's not clean is	towel.
one thing you hate to use it it's not clean is	silverware.
one thing you hate to use it it's not clean is	dishes.
one thing you hate to use it it's not clean is	bathroom.
one thing you hate to use it it's not clean is	socks.
one occasion when you would congratulate one person is	wedding day.
one occasion when you would congratulate one person is	graduation.
one occasion when you would congratulate one person is	birth of child.
one occasion when you would congratulate one person is	job promotion.
one thing that a couple has a first one of is	child.
one thing that a couple has a first one of is	kiss.
one thing that a couple has a first one of is	anniversary.
one thing that a couple has a first one of is	fight.
one thing your parents still don't seem to understand about you as an adult is	personality.
one thing your parents still don't seem to understand about you as an adult is	love life.
one thing your parents still don't seem to understand about you as an adult is	career.
one thing your parents still don't seem to understand about you as an adult is	tastes.
one thing your parents still don't seem to understand about you as an adult is	grown up.
one thing people ask for when they wake up with a hangover is	aspirin/tylenol.
one thing people ask for when they wake up with a hangover is	coffee.
one thing people ask for when they wake up with a hangover is	cold water.
one thing people ask for when they wake up with a hangover is	"hair of the dog".
one thing people ask for when they wake up with a hangover is	tomato juice/o.j..
one thing people ask for when they wake up with a hangover is	alka-seltzer.
one thing with an adhesive on it is	bandage.
one thing with an adhesive on it is	scotch tape.
one thing with an adhesive on it is	postage stamp.
one thing with an adhesive on it is	envelope.
one thing with an adhesive on it is	decal.
one long running reality tv series is	the bachelor.
one long running reality tv series is	survivor.
one long running reality tv series is	american idol.
one long running reality tv series is	big brother.
one long running reality tv series is	the real world.
the last place you'd want to be when your child has a tantrum is	shopping center.
the last place you'd want to be when your child has a tantrum is	place of worship.
the last place you'd want to be when your child has a tantrum is	restaurant.
one thing you might feed at a petting zoo is	lambs.
one thing you might feed at a petting zoo is	pigs.
one thing you might feed at a petting zoo is	dogs.
one thing you might feed at a petting zoo is	calves.
one thing a baseball catcher might wear is	mask.
one thing a baseball catcher might wear is	glove.
one thing a person owns that reflects their personality is	car.
one thing a person owns that reflects their personality is	clothes.
one thing a person owns that reflects their personality is	pets.
one thing a person owns that reflects their personality is	house.
one thing a person owns that reflects their personality is	jewelry.
one thing a person owns that reflects their personality is	furniture.
one kind of person who might use a megaphone is	cheerleader.
one kind of person who might use a megaphone is	police.
one kind of person who might use a megaphone is	coach.
one kind of person who might use a megaphone is	lifeguard.
one kind of person who might use a megaphone is	auctioneer.
one kind of person who might use a megaphone is	referee.
one kind of person who might use a megaphone is	singer.
one thing a doctor recommends for people who are rundown is	vitamins.
one thing a doctor recommends for people who are rundown is	sleep.
one thing a doctor recommends for people who are rundown is	exercise.
one thing a doctor recommends for people who are rundown is	vacation.
one thing a doctor recommends for people who are rundown is	healthy foods.
one thing a doctor recommends for people who are rundown is	relax.
one thing people make up a phony excuse to get out of doing is	going to work.
one thing people make up a phony excuse to get out of doing is	jury duty.
one thing people make up a phony excuse to get out of doing is	housework.
one thing people make up a phony excuse to get out of doing is	helping move.
one thing people make up a phony excuse to get out of doing is	party.
one thing people make up a phony excuse to get out of doing is	visiting in-laws.
one way you might be able to tell one person is a tourist is	carrying camera.
one way you might be able to tell one person is a tourist is	clothes.
one way you might be able to tell one person is a tourist is	ask for direction.
one way you might be able to tell one person is a tourist is	carrying a map.
one way you might be able to tell one person is a tourist is	lost.
one way you might be able to tell one person is a tourist is	rubber neck.
one way you might be able to tell one person is a tourist is	the way they talk.
one thing that needs to be changed often is	baby's diaper.
one thing that needs to be changed often is	underwear.
one thing that needs to be changed often is	sheets.
one thing that needs to be changed often is	cat's litter box.
one thing that needs to be changed often is	car oil.
one thing that needs to be changed often is	attitude.
one thing a lonely man might eat for thanksgiving dinner is	tv dinner.
one thing a lonely man might eat for thanksgiving dinner is	pizza.
one thing a lonely man might eat for thanksgiving dinner is	turkey sandwich.
one thing a lonely man might eat for thanksgiving dinner is	hamburger.
one thing a lonely man might eat for thanksgiving dinner is	chinese food.
one thing that people jump into is	pool/water.
one thing that people jump into is	relationship.
one thing that people jump into is	bed.
one thing that people jump into is	car.
one thing that people jump into is	argument.
one thing that people jump into is	work.
one thing you would sit on before buying is	couch.
one thing you would sit on before buying is	a bed.
one thing you would sit on before buying is	a chair.
one thing you would sit on before buying is	a motorcycle.
one thing you would like to lose is	weight.
one thing you would like to lose is	bills.
one thing you would like to lose is	anger.
one thing you would like to lose is	a bad habit.
one thing you would like to lose is	stress.
one thing cats love to play with is	yarn.
one thing cats love to play with is	ball.
one thing you might see one person doing on the side of a road is	changing tire.
one thing you might see one person doing on the side of a road is	tinkling.
one thing you might see one person doing on the side of a road is	hitch hiking.
one thing you might see one person doing on the side of a road is	walking.
one thing you might see one person doing on the side of a road is	sleeping.
one thing madonna will probably still be doing when she's 80 is	singing.
one thing madonna will probably still be doing when she's 80 is	dancing.
one thing madonna will probably still be doing when she's 80 is	making love.
one thing madonna will probably still be doing when she's 80 is	kissing girls.
one thing madonna will probably still be doing when she's 80 is	dressing sexy.
on his th birthday one would a mom hate to hear her son say mom im is	moving out.
on his th birthday one would a mom hate to hear her son say mom im is	getting married.
on his th birthday one would a mom hate to hear her son say mom im is	going to be a dad.
on his th birthday one would a mom hate to hear her son say mom im is	dropping out.
on his th birthday one would a mom hate to hear her son say mom im is	joining military.
other than halloween, one reason why you might wear a costume is	costume party.
other than halloween, one reason why you might wear a costume is	in a play.
other than halloween, one reason why you might wear a costume is	christmas/ santa.
other than halloween, one reason why you might wear a costume is	just for fun.
other than illness, one acceptable excuse for missing work is	funeral.
other than illness, one acceptable excuse for missing work is	car trouble.
other than illness, one acceptable excuse for missing work is	jury duty.
on a road trip, one thing that might keep you awake is	radio.
on a road trip, one thing that might keep you awake is	traffic.
on a road trip, one thing that might keep you awake is	engine.
on a road trip, one thing that might keep you awake is	friend snoring.
other than a belt, one thing that can have a buckle is	shoe/boot.
other than a belt, one thing that can have a buckle is	car seat.
other than a belt, one thing that can have a buckle is	bag/purse.
other than a belt, one thing that can have a buckle is	coat.
other than a belt, one thing that can have a buckle is	suit case.
other than presents one might you find under a christmas tree is	tree skirt.
other than presents one might you find under a christmas tree is	fallen ornaments.
other than presents one might you find under a christmas tree is	train.
other than presents one might you find under a christmas tree is	needles.
other than presents one might you find under a christmas tree is	pet.
other than looking up numbers one thing a phone book gets used for is	find addresses.
other than looking up numbers one thing a phone book gets used for is	booster seat.
other than looking up numbers one thing a phone book gets used for is	maps.
other than looking up numbers one thing a phone book gets used for is	door stop.
other than actor,one occupation you'd fail at if you had stage fright is	singer.
other than actor,one occupation you'd fail at if you had stage fright is	comedian.
other than actor,one occupation you'd fail at if you had stage fright is	motivational speaker.
other than actor,one occupation you'd fail at if you had stage fright is	politician.
other than actor,one occupation you'd fail at if you had stage fright is	dancer.
other than actor,one occupation you'd fail at if you had stage fright is	teacher.
other than clothes one thing a kid might outgrow is	toys.
other than clothes one thing a kid might outgrow is	bed.
other than clothes one thing a kid might outgrow is	hairstyle.
other than clothes one thing a kid might outgrow is	bike.
other than clothes one thing a kid might outgrow is	habits.
Q: on a scale of one to ten, how independent are most american women? A:	eight.
Q: on a scale of one to ten, how independent are most american women? A:	seven.
Q: on a scale of one to ten, how independent are most american women? A:	six.
Q: on a scale of one to ten, how independent are most american women? A:	ten.
Q: on a scale of one to ten, how independent are most american women? A:	five.
Q: on a scale of one to ten, how independent are most american women? A:	nine.
past or present, one boxer would you most hate to step into the ring with is	mike tyson.
past or present, one boxer would you most hate to step into the ring with is	muhammad ali.
past or present, one boxer would you most hate to step into the ring with is	joe frazier.
past or present, one boxer would you most hate to step into the ring with is	joe louis.
past or present, one boxer would you most hate to step into the ring with is	rocky marcia....
past or present,  the funniest person on tv is	bill cosby.
past or present,  the funniest person on tv is	betty white.
past or present,  the funniest person on tv is	jerry seinfeld.
past or present,  the funniest person on tv is	lucille ball.
past or present, one boxing champion who was respected outside the ring as much as he was inside the ring is	muhammad ali.
past or present, one boxing champion who was respected outside the ring as much as he was inside the ring is	joe louis.
past or present, one boxing champion who was respected outside the ring as much as he was inside the ring is	j. cesar chavez.
past or present, one boxing champion who was respected outside the ring as much as he was inside the ring is	mike tyson.
past or present, one boxing champion who was respected outside the ring as much as he was inside the ring is	george foreman.
past or present, one boxing champion who was respected outside the ring as much as he was inside the ring is	sugar ray leon.
past or present, one famous vampire is	dracula.
past or present, one famous vampire is	edward cullen.
past or present, one famous vampire is	lestat.
past or present, one famous vampire is	blade.
past or present, one famous vampire is	spike.
past or present, one tv show set in a hospital is	er.
past or present, one tv show set in a hospital is	general hospital.
past or present, one tv show set in a hospital is	house.
past or present, one tv show set in a hospital is	scrubs.
past or present, one tv show set in a hospital is	mash.
past or present,  one person famous whose first  was harry is	harry truman.
past or present,  one person famous whose first  was harry is	harry potter.
past or present,  one person famous whose first  was harry is	harry belafonte.
past or present,  one person famous whose first  was harry is	harry connick,jr..
past or present,  one person famous whose first  was harry is	harry houdini.
past or present, one all star hockey player is	wayne gretzky.
past or present, one all star hockey player is	sidney crosby.
past or present, one all star hockey player is	bobby orr.
past or present, one all star hockey player is	patrick roy.
past or present, one all star hockey player is	mario lemieux.
past or present, one all star hockey player is	mark messier.
past or present,  your favorite television lawyer is	perry mason.
past or present,  your favorite television lawyer is	ben matlock.
past or present,  your favorite television lawyer is	michael kuzak.
past or present,  your favorite television lawyer is	victor sifuentes.
real or fictional, one famous betty is	betty boop.
real or fictional, one famous betty is	betty ford.
real or fictional, one famous betty is	bette davis.
real or fictional, one famous betty is	betty crocker.
real or fictional, one famous betty is	betty rubble.
real or fictional, one famous betty is	betty white.
real or fictional,  one person known for their wisdom is	albert einstein.
real or fictional,  one person known for their wisdom is	mahatma gandhi.
real or fictional,  one person known for their wisdom is	solomon.
real or fictional,  one person known for their wisdom is	yoda.
real or fictional,  one person known for their wisdom is	the dalai lama.
real or fictional,  one person known for their wisdom is	martin luther king jr.
Q: something people always run out of when having a party? A:	drinks/alcohol.
Q: something people always run out of when having a party? A:	ice.
Q: something people always run out of when having a party? A:	food.
Q: something people always run out of when having a party? A:	cups/glasses.
Q: something people always run out of when having a party? A:	toilet paper.
Q: something people always run out of when having a party? A:	napkins.
one reason people give for wearing black is	funeral.
one reason people give for wearing black is	slimming.
one reason people give for wearing black is	style.
how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious" is	6 months.
how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious" is	12 months.
how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious" is	2months.
how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious" is	3 months.
how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious" is	24 months.
how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious" is	8 months.
how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious" is	4 months.
one actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy is	jim carrey.
one actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy is	charlie chaplin.
one actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy is	chevy chase.
one actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy is	eddie murphy.
one actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy is	steve martin.
one actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy is	robbin williams.
one actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy is	jerry lewis.
one thing at a beach that begins with "s" is	sand.
one thing at a beach that begins with "s" is	sun.
one thing at a beach that begins with "s" is	seashore.
one thing at a beach that begins with "s" is	sunscreen.
one thing at a beach that begins with "s" is	surfers.
one thing at a beach that begins with "s" is	shells.
one thing at a beach that begins with "s" is	sandals.
one thing about a couple that would lead you to believe they spend too much time together is	dress alike.
one thing about a couple that would lead you to believe they spend too much time together is	argue.
one thing about a couple that would lead you to believe they spend too much time together is	finish sentences.
one thing about a couple that would lead you to believe they spend too much time together is	affectionate.
one thing a wife likes to hear from her husband is	i love you.
one thing a wife likes to hear from her husband is	compliments.
one thing a wife likes to hear from her husband is	missed you.
one thing a wife likes to hear from her husband is	want breakfast in bed.
one thing a wife likes to hear from her husband is	i got a raise.
one thing specific you hate about going to the dentist is	drill.
one thing specific you hate about going to the dentist is	waiting.
one thing specific you hate about going to the dentist is	bill.
one thing specific you hate about going to the dentist is	shots.
one thing specific you hate about going to the dentist is	numb mouth/ novacaine.
one good score when playing 18 holes of golf is	72.
one good score when playing 18 holes of golf is	65.
one good score when playing 18 holes of golf is	80.
one good score when playing 18 holes of golf is	66.
the worst part about going to the beach is	sand.
the worst part about going to the beach is	sun burn.
the worst part about going to the beach is	crowded.
the worst part about going to the beach is	parking.
the worst part about going to the beach is	driving.
the worst part about going to the beach is	warm food.
the worst part about going to the beach is	being looked at.
one article of clothing that people who live in warm climates are likely to have several of is	shorts.
one article of clothing that people who live in warm climates are likely to have several of is	swim suits.
one article of clothing that people who live in warm climates are likely to have several of is	flip flops.
one article of clothing that people who live in warm climates are likely to have several of is	tank tops.
one article of clothing that people who live in warm climates are likely to have several of is	t shirts.
one thing you close your mouth to try to keep from doing is	talking.
one thing you close your mouth to try to keep from doing is	yawning.
one thing you close your mouth to try to keep from doing is	laughing.
one thing you close your mouth to try to keep from doing is	coughing.
one thing you close your mouth to try to keep from doing is	sneezing.
one thing you close your mouth to try to keep from doing is	snacking.
one thing you close your mouth to try to keep from doing is	snoring.
one thing specific that a barber must get sick of doing is	cutting hair.
one thing specific that a barber must get sick of doing is	shaving.
one thing specific that a barber must get sick of doing is	sweeping.
one thing specific that a barber must get sick of doing is	standing.
one thing specific that a barber must get sick of doing is	making conversation.
one thing that causes skin to turn red is	sunburn.
one thing that causes skin to turn red is	rash/allergy.
one thing that causes skin to turn red is	embarrassment.
one thing that causes skin to turn red is	alcohol.
one thing that causes skin to turn red is	exercise.
one cause that a movie star might support is	peace.
one cause that a movie star might support is	environment.
one cause that a movie star might support is	voting.
one cause that a movie star might support is	animal rights.
one cause that a movie star might support is	poverty.
one cause that a movie star might support is	abortions.
one cause that a movie star might support is	gun or gun control.
one thing your body can't live without is	water.
one thing your body can't live without is	food.
one thing your body can't live without is	air.
one thing your body can't live without is	sleep.
the worst way for one person to wake you up is	scream.
the worst way for one person to wake you up is	splash with water.
the worst way for one person to wake you up is	shake you.
the worst way for one person to wake you up is	jump on bed.
the worst way for one person to wake you up is	use the alarm.
one holiday you can live without is	halloween.
one holiday you can live without is	thanksgiving.
one holiday you can live without is	valentine's day.
one holiday you can live without is	st patrick's day.
one holiday you can live without is	fourth of july.
one holiday you can live without is	new year's.
one thing you might do after you get a bad grade on a test is	send us your answers!.
one thing you might do after you get a bad grade on a test is	get upset.
one thing that can be frustrating to use for the very first time is	computer/internet.
one thing that can be frustrating to use for the very first time is	dvd player/vcr.
one thing that can be frustrating to use for the very first time is	car.
one thing that can be frustrating to use for the very first time is	tools.
one thing that can be frustrating to use for the very first time is	video game.
one thing that can be frustrating to use for the very first time is	can opener.
what a man does to cover up his bald spot is	comb over.
what a man does to cover up his bald spot is	toupee.
what a man does to cover up his bald spot is	hat.
one thing you expect to find in a hotel is	send us your answers!.
one thing you expect to find in a hotel is	beds.
what most people hate is	skunk.
what most people hate is	onion.
what most people hate is	rotting food.
what most people hate is	ammonia.
what most people hate is	garlic.
what most people hate is	rotten eggs.
one slang word or phrase used to refer to husbands is	old man.
one slang word or phrase used to refer to husbands is	better half.
one slang word or phrase used to refer to husbands is	hubby.
one slang word or phrase used to refer to husbands is	big daddy.
one slang word or phrase used to refer to husbands is	poppy.
one slang word or phrase used to refer to husbands is	spouse.
one thing people often break is	glass.
one thing people often break is	promises.
one thing people often break is	dishes.
one thing people often break is	hearts.
one thing people often break is	bones.
one thing people often break is	phones.
one fact about a troll is	live under bridge.
one fact about a troll is	they're ugly.
one fact about a troll is	wild/colored hair.
one fact about a troll is	they're short.
one fact about a troll is	they're not real.
one fact about a troll is	they're mean.
one word a child uses to describe a bruise is	boo-boo.
one word a child uses to describe a bruise is	owie.
one word a child uses to describe a bruise is	ouchy.
one word a child uses to describe a bruise is	sore.
one word a child uses to describe a bruise is	hurt.
somewhere people have a tv that you think is ridiculous is	bathroom.
somewhere people have a tv that you think is ridiculous is	car.
somewhere people have a tv that you think is ridiculous is	kitchen.
somewhere people have a tv that you think is ridiculous is	basement.
somewhere people have a tv that you think is ridiculous is	porch.
one celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a long flight is	justin beiber.
one celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a long flight is	gilbert gottfried.
one celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a long flight is	miley cyrus.
one celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a long flight is	lindsay lohan.
one prank kids pull on halloween is	egging a house.
one prank kids pull on halloween is	ding dong ditch.
one prank kids pull on halloween is	toilet paper in yard.
one prank kids pull on halloween is	smashing pumpkins.
one prank kids pull on halloween is	soap windows.
one prank kids pull on halloween is	water balloons.
another way people say "stoned" is	high.
another way people say "stoned" is	baked.
another way people say "stoned" is	wasted.
another way people say "stoned" is	drunk.
another way people say "stoned" is	blown.
one thing you would hate to see in a restaurant is	hair in food.
one thing you would hate to see in a restaurant is	cockroach.
one thing you would hate to see in a restaurant is	ants.
one thing you would hate to see in a restaurant is	mice.
one thing you would hate to see in a restaurant is	dirty.
one thing of yours that you swear is possessed is	children.
one thing of yours that you swear is possessed is	car.
one thing of yours that you swear is possessed is	pet.
one thing of yours that you swear is possessed is	house.
one thing of yours that you swear is possessed is	computer.
one thing of yours that you swear is possessed is	myself.
one thing of yours that you swear is possessed is	cell phone.
one thing of yours that you swear is possessed is	spouse.
one thing people postpone doing for as long as they can is	new car.
one thing people postpone doing for as long as they can is	going to the doctor.
one thing people postpone doing for as long as they can is	diets.
one thing people postpone doing for as long as they can is	marriage.
one thing people postpone doing for as long as they can is	waking up.
one thing you wouldn't want to lose at the beach is	swimsuit/shorts.
one thing you wouldn't want to lose at the beach is	money/wallet.
one thing you wouldn't want to lose at the beach is	jewelry/watch.
one thing you wouldn't want to lose at the beach is	keys.
one thing you wouldn't want to lose at the beach is	child.
one thing you wouldn't want to lose at the beach is	cell phone.
one thing you buy tickets for is	concerts.
one thing you buy tickets for is	movies.
one thing you buy tickets for is	sporting events.
one thing you buy tickets for is	air travel.
one thing that often doesn't start when it's supposed to is	car.
one thing that often doesn't start when it's supposed to is	movie.
one thing that often doesn't start when it's supposed to is	wedding.
one thing that often doesn't start when it's supposed to is	lawn mower.
one thing that often doesn't start when it's supposed to is	meeting.
one thing that often doesn't start when it's supposed to is	sporting event.
one fact about bond james bond is	007 movies.
one fact about bond james bond is	handsome/suave.
one fact about bond james bond is	he's a spy/agent.
one fact about bond james bond is	he seduces women.
one fact about bond james bond is	"shaken" martini.
one fact about bond james bond is	drives fast cars.
one animal that people don't usually eat is	dog.
one animal that people don't usually eat is	deer.
one animal that people don't usually eat is	cats.
one animal that people don't usually eat is	skunks.
one animal that people don't usually eat is	snakes.
one thing that you might accidentally throw into your garbage that would send you digging for it is	jewelry.
one thing that you might accidentally throw into your garbage that would send you digging for it is	money.
one thing that you might accidentally throw into your garbage that would send you digging for it is	check.
one thing that you might accidentally throw into your garbage that would send you digging for it is	wallet.
one thing that you might accidentally throw into your garbage that would send you digging for it is	car keys.
one thing described as "prime" is	prime ribs/meat.
one thing described as "prime" is	prime time.
one thing described as "prime" is	prime rate.
one thing described as "prime" is	prime suspect.
one thing that comes in pairs is	loafers.
one thing that comes in pairs is	running shoes.
one thing that comes in pairs is	high heels.
one thing that comes in pairs is	heels.
one thing that comes in pairs is	shoes.
one thing that comes in pairs is	flats.
one thing that comes in pairs is	sneakers.
one thing that comes in pairs is	cross trainers.
one thing that comes in pairs is	boots.
one thing that comes in pairs is	pumps.
one thing that comes in pairs is	stockings.
one thing that comes in pairs is	socks.
one thing that comes in pairs is	twins.
one thing that comes in pairs is	studs.
one thing that comes in pairs is	rings.
one thing that comes in pairs is	earrings.
one thing that comes in pairs is	mittens.
one thing that comes in pairs is	gloves.
one thing that comes in pairs is	gauntlets.
one thing that comes in pairs is	salt and pepper.
one thing that comes in pairs is	pepper mill.
one thing that comes in pairs is	and pepper.
one war hero who became the president of the united states is	dwight eisenhower.
one war hero who became the president of the united states is	george washington.
one war hero who became the president of the united states is	ulysses s. grant.
one war hero who became the president of the united states is	teddy roosevelt.
one war hero who became the president of the united states is	john f. kennedy.
one war hero who became the president of the united states is	george bush sr..
one thing that a woman might not want to reveal about herself to her date is	her age.
one thing that a woman might not want to reveal about herself to her date is	her weight.
one thing that a woman might not want to reveal about herself to her date is	she's married.
one thing that a woman might not want to reveal about herself to her date is	has boyfriend.
one thing that a woman might not want to reveal about herself to her date is	her past loves.
one thing that a woman might not want to reveal about herself to her date is	she's pregnant.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only) is	5.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only) is	3.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only) is	2.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only) is	10.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only) is	4.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only) is	20.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only) is	6.
one thing you see in every movie about king kong is	king kong/gorilla.
one thing you see in every movie about king kong is	empire state bldg.
one thing you see in every movie about king kong is	girl.
one thing you see in every movie about king kong is	jungle/tribe.
one thing you see in every movie about king kong is	destruction.
one thing that might ruin a fancy dinner party is	an argument.
one thing that might ruin a fancy dinner party is	alcohol.
one thing that might ruin a fancy dinner party is	burnt food.
one thing that might ruin a fancy dinner party is	kids.
one thing that might ruin a fancy dinner party is	power outage.
one thing some people have a hard time closing is	mouth.
one thing some people have a hard time closing is	suitcase.
one thing some people have a hard time closing is	door.
one thing some people have a hard time closing is	jar.
one thing some people have a hard time closing is	a good book.
one thing a person cannot legally do without a license is	drive.
one thing a person cannot legally do without a license is	get married.
one thing a person cannot legally do without a license is	go fishing.
one thing a person cannot legally do without a license is	start a business.
one thing you might do the moment you get home from work is	take of shoes.
one thing you might do the moment you get home from work is	relax.
one thing you might do the moment you get home from work is	shower.
one thing you might do the moment you get home from work is	change clothes.
one thing you might do the moment you get home from work is	eat food.
one celebrity a teenage girl might have a crush on is	channing tatum.
one celebrity a teenage girl might have a crush on is	justin bieber.
one celebrity a teenage girl might have a crush on is	zac efron.
one celebrity a teenage girl might have a crush on is	ryan gosling.
one word you'd use to describe one person that is mean is	bully.
one word you'd use to describe one person that is mean is	horrible.
one word you'd use to describe one person that is mean is	bossy.
one word you'd use to describe one person that is mean is	wicked.
one word you'd use to describe one person that is mean is	cruel.
one thing bridemaids complain about is	ugly dress/shoes.
one thing bridemaids complain about is	not being married.
one thing bridemaids complain about is	spending money.
one thing bridemaids complain about is	wedding long/boring.
one thing bridemaids complain about is	the groom.
one thing bridemaids complain about is	their escorts.
one thing bridemaids complain about is	other bridesmaids.
one food that doesn't go well with kissing is	garlic.
one food that doesn't go well with kissing is	onions.
one food that doesn't go well with kissing is	sardines/fish.
one food that doesn't go well with kissing is	liver.
one food that doesn't go well with kissing is	peanut butter.
one person who's allowed into the delivery room when a woman is having a baby is	baby's father.
one person who's allowed into the delivery room when a woman is having a baby is	doctor.
one person who's allowed into the delivery room when a woman is having a baby is	nurse.
one person who's allowed into the delivery room when a woman is having a baby is	baby's grandma.
one thing you know about rudy giuliani is	mayor of nyc.
one thing you know about rudy giuliani is	ran for president.
one thing you know about rudy giuliani is	cancer survivor.
one thing you know about rudy giuliani is	fair.
one thing you know about rudy giuliani is	yankee fan.
one thing you know about rudy giuliani is	great speaker.
one thing on a woman's body that's considered prettier when long is	hair.
one thing on a woman's body that's considered prettier when long is	legs.
one thing on a woman's body that's considered prettier when long is	fingernails.
one thing on a woman's body that's considered prettier when long is	eyelashes.
one thing on a woman's body that's considered prettier when long is	neck.
one thing that makes one person a bad house guest is	messy.
one thing that makes one person a bad house guest is	outstays their welcome.
one thing that makes one person a bad house guest is	rudeness.
one thing that makes one person a bad house guest is	they steal.
one thing that makes one person a bad house guest is	eats all of your food.
one thing a woman does differently when she's pregnant is	eats.
one thing a woman does differently when she's pregnant is	sleeps.
one thing a woman does differently when she's pregnant is	mood swings.
one thing a woman does differently when she's pregnant is	walks.
one thing a woman does differently when she's pregnant is	sitting.
unlike age or weight one number that youd be surprised for one person to offer before a blind date is	phone number.
unlike age or weight one number that youd be surprised for one person to offer before a blind date is	income.
unlike age or weight one number that youd be surprised for one person to offer before a blind date is	social security.
unlike age or weight one number that youd be surprised for one person to offer before a blind date is	past lovers.
unlike age or weight one number that youd be surprised for one person to offer before a blind date is	iq.
one items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box is	keys.
one items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box is	glasses.
one items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box is	gloves.
one items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box is	umbrella.
one items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box is	jacket.
one items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box is	wallet.
one items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box is	phone.
one animals communication sounds a lot like crying is	cat.
one animals communication sounds a lot like crying is	dolphin.
one animals communication sounds a lot like crying is	monkey.
one animals communication sounds a lot like crying is	bird.
one animals communication sounds a lot like crying is	dog.
one animals communication sounds a lot like crying is	whale.
one animals communication sounds a lot like crying is	hyena.
Q: who in your personal life would you least expect to swindle you? A:	mom.
Q: who in your personal life would you least expect to swindle you? A:	significant other.
Q: who in your personal life would you least expect to swindle you? A:	dad.
Q: who in your personal life would you least expect to swindle you? A:	best friend.
Q: who in your personal life would you least expect to swindle you? A:	sister.
Q: who in your personal life would you least expect to swindle you? A:	grandma.
Q: where does a woman try to avoid leaving lipstick marks? A:	teeth.
Q: where does a woman try to avoid leaving lipstick marks? A:	shirt.
Q: where does a woman try to avoid leaving lipstick marks? A:	glass.
Q: where does a woman try to avoid leaving lipstick marks? A:	someone's cheek.
Q: where does a woman try to avoid leaving lipstick marks? A:	around lips.
when shopping for a new pair of jeans one thing that never fits quite right is	waiste.
when shopping for a new pair of jeans one thing that never fits quite right is	length.
when shopping for a new pair of jeans one thing that never fits quite right is	backside.
when shopping for a new pair of jeans one thing that never fits quite right is	hips.
when shopping for a new pair of jeans one thing that never fits quite right is	thighs.
one does a businessman use when making speeches, but pastors don't during their sermons is	note cards.
one does a businessman use when making speeches, but pastors don't during their sermons is	chart.
one does a businessman use when making speeches, but pastors don't during their sermons is	pointer.
one does a businessman use when making speeches, but pastors don't during their sermons is	powerpoint.
one does a businessman use when making speeches, but pastors don't during their sermons is	projector.
one is the first thing you would do if you won a million dollars is	buy a house.
one is the first thing you would do if you won a million dollars is	buy a car.
one is the first thing you would do if you won a million dollars is	vacation.
one is the first thing you would do if you won a million dollars is	shopping spree.
one is the first thing you would do if you won a million dollars is	pay bills.
one is the first thing you would do if you won a million dollars is	quit job.
one is the best way to spend a snow day is	sleeping.
one is the best way to spend a snow day is	sledding.
one is the best way to spend a snow day is	skiing.
one is the best way to spend a snow day is	watching tv/movies.
one is the best way to spend a snow day is	reading.
Q: where do you get money that can't be used to buy anything in the real world? A:	board game.
Q: where do you get money that can't be used to buy anything in the real world? A:	casino.
Q: where do you get money that can't be used to buy anything in the real world? A:	arcade.
Q: where do you get money that can't be used to buy anything in the real world? A:	online.
Q: why might a person drink tea instead of coffee? A:	less caffeine.
Q: why might a person drink tea instead of coffee? A:	taste.
Q: why might a person drink tea instead of coffee? A:	healthier.
Q: why might a person drink tea instead of coffee? A:	have a cold.
Q: why might a person drink tea instead of coffee? A:	they're english.
Q: who would a bride not want to show up unannounced at her wedding? A:	ex.
Q: who would a bride not want to show up unannounced at her wedding? A:	enemy.
Q: who would a bride not want to show up unannounced at her wedding? A:	boss.
Q: who would a bride not want to show up unannounced at her wedding? A:	affair.
Q: who would a bride not want to show up unannounced at her wedding? A:	cops.
while driving, one thing you have to keep an eye on is	road.
while driving, one thing you have to keep an eye on is	other cars.
while driving, one thing you have to keep an eye on is	speed limit.
while driving, one thing you have to keep an eye on is	traffic signs.
while driving, one thing you have to keep an eye on is	gas guage.
while driving, one thing you have to keep an eye on is	pedestrians.
one's the first thing you're likely to be asked about at your high school reunion is	what do you do?.
one's the first thing you're likely to be asked about at your high school reunion is	married?.
one's the first thing you're likely to be asked about at your high school reunion is	have any kids?.
one's the first thing you're likely to be asked about at your high school reunion is	how are you?.
one might you draw on a picture of one person's face in order to make them look silly is	moustache.
one might you draw on a picture of one person's face in order to make them look silly is	beard.
one might you draw on a picture of one person's face in order to make them look silly is	big nose.
one might you draw on a picture of one person's face in order to make them look silly is	horns.
one might you draw on a picture of one person's face in order to make them look silly is	glasses.
one would compel a consumer of a food product to call costumer service is	stale food.
one would compel a consumer of a food product to call costumer service is	hair in food.
one would compel a consumer of a food product to call costumer service is	bugs in food.
one would compel a consumer of a food product to call costumer service is	food poisoning.
one would compel a consumer of a food product to call costumer service is	broken seal.
one do people miss about their youth is	energy.
one do people miss about their youth is	looks.
one do people miss about their youth is	fun.
one do people miss about their youth is	going to school.
one do people miss about their youth is	freedom.
one do fast-food employees have to do, that 5-star wait staff don't is	cook.
one do fast-food employees have to do, that 5-star wait staff don't is	clean.
one do fast-food employees have to do, that 5-star wait staff don't is	work drive thru.
one do fast-food employees have to do, that 5-star wait staff don't is	use cash register.
one do fast-food employees have to do, that 5-star wait staff don't is	wear uniform.
one sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball is	baseball.
one sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball is	football.
one sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball is	basketball.
one sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball is	soccer.
one sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball is	tennis.
one sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball is	dodgeball.
one sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball is	volleyball.
when you're stressed out,  the part of your body where you feel it most is	head.
when you're stressed out,  the part of your body where you feel it most is	neck.
when you're stressed out,  the part of your body where you feel it most is	back.
when you're stressed out,  the part of your body where you feel it most is	shoulders.
when you're stressed out,  the part of your body where you feel it most is	feet.
when you're stressed out,  the part of your body where you feel it most is	chest.
one might you hear in a weather forecast that would keep you from going outside is	rain.
one might you hear in a weather forecast that would keep you from going outside is	blizzard.
one might you hear in a weather forecast that would keep you from going outside is	thunder strorm.
one might you hear in a weather forecast that would keep you from going outside is	tornado.
one might you hear in a weather forecast that would keep you from going outside is	hurricane.
one might you hear in a weather forecast that would keep you from going outside is	cold temperature.
one might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back is	say i love you.
one might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back is	ramble.
one might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back is	shot.
one might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back is	cry.
one might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back is	beg for a date.
one might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back is	say wrong name.
one might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back is	sing.
Q: whose phone number might a child know by heart? A:	emergency department.
Q: whose phone number might a child know by heart? A:	home phone.
Q: whose phone number might a child know by heart? A:	grandparents.
Q: whose phone number might a child know by heart? A:	best friend.
one information about a woman might a man keep in his little black book is	phone number.
one information about a woman might a man keep in his little black book is	name.
one information about a woman might a man keep in his little black book is	what dhe looks like.
one information about a woman might a man keep in his little black book is	address.
when shopping, one way you can tell if one person is a sales clerk is	name tag.
when shopping, one way you can tell if one person is a sales clerk is	wears uniform.
when shopping, one way you can tell if one person is a sales clerk is	follows you.
when shopping, one way you can tell if one person is a sales clerk is	offers help.
one item might a person who cant cook be asked to bring to thanksgiving is	drinks.
one item might a person who cant cook be asked to bring to thanksgiving is	salad.
one item might a person who cant cook be asked to bring to thanksgiving is	dessert.
one item might a person who cant cook be asked to bring to thanksgiving is	rolls.
one item might a person who cant cook be asked to bring to thanksgiving is	cranberry sauce.
one might one person promise to do if they wanted to be elected president is	lower taxes.
one might one person promise to do if they wanted to be elected president is	world peace.
one might one person promise to do if they wanted to be elected president is	create jobs.
one might one person promise to do if they wanted to be elected president is	affordable healthcare.
one might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home is	clothes.
one might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home is	food.
one might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home is	money.
one might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home is	bedding.
one might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home is	toys.
one might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home is	backpack.
one might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home is	bike.
Q: why might a bride or groom back out of wedding at the last minute? A:	cold feet.
Q: why might a bride or groom back out of wedding at the last minute? A:	cheating.
Q: why might a bride or groom back out of wedding at the last minute? A:	not in love.
Q: why might a bride or groom back out of wedding at the last minute? A:	not ready.
Q: why might a bride or groom back out of wedding at the last minute? A:	had a fight.
Q: where do people often go for their honeymoons? A:	hawaii.
Q: where do people often go for their honeymoons? A:	bahamas.
Q: where do people often go for their honeymoons? A:	niagra falls.
Q: where do people often go for their honeymoons? A:	mexico.
Q: where do people often go for their honeymoons? A:	las vegas.
Q: where do people often go for their honeymoons? A:	paris.
Q: where do people often go for their honeymoons? A:	jamaica.
one words do you dread hearing at the dentists office is	cavity.
one words do you dread hearing at the dentists office is	drill.
one words do you dread hearing at the dentists office is	root canal.
one words do you dread hearing at the dentists office is	oops.
one imagninary holiday character would you least like to have on your relay race team is	santa claus.
one imagninary holiday character would you least like to have on your relay race team is	easter bunny.
one imagninary holiday character would you least like to have on your relay race team is	grinch.
one imagninary holiday character would you least like to have on your relay race team is	ebenezer scrooge.
one imagninary holiday character would you least like to have on your relay race team is	frosty.
one of your family members is hardest to shop for around the holidays is	mom.
one of your family members is hardest to shop for around the holidays is	dad.
one of your family members is hardest to shop for around the holidays is	spouse.
one of your family members is hardest to shop for around the holidays is	grandparent.
one of your family members is hardest to shop for around the holidays is	child.
one do tourists ride in or on that makes them stand out is	tour bus.
one do tourists ride in or on that makes them stand out is	bicycle for 2.
one do tourists ride in or on that makes them stand out is	rental cars.
one do tourists ride in or on that makes them stand out is	taxi.
one do tourists ride in or on that makes them stand out is	carriage.
one do tourists ride in or on that makes them stand out is	rickshaw.
one's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash is	money.
one's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash is	pen.
one's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash is	gum.
one's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash is	phone.
one's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash is	keys.
one's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash is	lipstick.
one's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash is	tissues.
when doing laundry for the first time, one thing a single guy might screw up is	mixing colors.
when doing laundry for the first time, one thing a single guy might screw up is	bleach clothes.
when doing laundry for the first time, one thing a single guy might screw up is	too much soap.
when doing laundry for the first time, one thing a single guy might screw up is	things for dry clean.
Q: where do many kids think that babies come from? A:	the stork.
Q: where do many kids think that babies come from? A:	heaven.
Q: where do many kids think that babies come from? A:	a cabbage patch.
Q: where do many kids think that babies come from? A:	mom's tummy.
Q: where do many kids think that babies come from? A:	the hospital.
Q: where do many kids think that babies come from? A:	santa clause.
one could your computer run without but it would be a bummer not to have is	internet.
one could your computer run without but it would be a bummer not to have is	mouse.
one could your computer run without but it would be a bummer not to have is	printer.
one could your computer run without but it would be a bummer not to have is	speakers.
one could your computer run without but it would be a bummer not to have is	keyboard.
Q: why would you call the doctor if you're not sick? A:	ask a question.
Q: why would you call the doctor if you're not sick? A:	check up.
Q: why would you call the doctor if you're not sick? A:	perscription refill.
Q: why would you call the doctor if you're not sick? A:	doctor's excuse.
Q: why would you call the doctor if you're not sick? A:	someone else sick.
Q: why would you call the doctor if you're not sick? A:	vaccination.
one subject would most elementary school kids say is their favorite is	gym.
one subject would most elementary school kids say is their favorite is	english.
one subject would most elementary school kids say is their favorite is	art.
one subject would most elementary school kids say is their favorite is	math.
when hosting a dinner party one might you ask a friend to bring is	alcohol.
when hosting a dinner party one might you ask a friend to bring is	dessert.
when hosting a dinner party one might you ask a friend to bring is	salad.
when hosting a dinner party one might you ask a friend to bring is	chips.
one thanksgiving dish would do the least damage if thrown at you in a food fight is	turkey.
one thanksgiving dish would do the least damage if thrown at you in a food fight is	stuffing.
one thanksgiving dish would do the least damage if thrown at you in a food fight is	mashed potatoes.
one thanksgiving dish would do the least damage if thrown at you in a food fight is	pie.
one thanksgiving dish would do the least damage if thrown at you in a food fight is	cranberry sauce.
one kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago is	banking.
one kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago is	paying bills.
one kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago is	shopping.
one kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago is	emailing.
one kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago is	doing taxes.
one kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago is	education.
one kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago is	working.
when sitting close to a date, one clue might they give that they like you is	holds your hand.
when sitting close to a date, one clue might they give that they like you is	kisses you.
when sitting close to a date, one clue might they give that they like you is	smiling.
when sitting close to a date, one clue might they give that they like you is	arm around you.
when sitting close to a date, one clue might they give that they like you is	move closer.
when sitting close to a date, one clue might they give that they like you is	looking at you.
one might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it is	low pay.
one might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it is	hours are bad.
one might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it is	mean boss.
one might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it is	location.
one might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it is	no benefits.
one might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it is	dangerous.
one might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it is	travel a lot.
one would the chatterbox next to you keep you from doing on an airplane is	sleeping.
one would the chatterbox next to you keep you from doing on an airplane is	reading.
one would the chatterbox next to you keep you from doing on an airplane is	getting a word in.
one would the chatterbox next to you keep you from doing on an airplane is	nmusic/movie.
one occupation do you think requires nerves of steel is	surgeon.
one occupation do you think requires nerves of steel is	police officer.
one occupation do you think requires nerves of steel is	firefighter.
one occupation do you think requires nerves of steel is	teacher.
one occupation do you think requires nerves of steel is	construction.
one occupation do you think requires nerves of steel is	pilot.
we surveyed 100 married menone's a famous store you hope never gives your wife a credit card is	macy's.
we surveyed 100 married menone's a famous store you hope never gives your wife a credit card is	saks 5th avenue.
we surveyed 100 married menone's a famous store you hope never gives your wife a credit card is	neiman marcus.
we surveyed 100 married menone's a famous store you hope never gives your wife a credit card is	wal-mart.
we surveyed 100 married menone's a famous store you hope never gives your wife a credit card is	tiffany & co..
when it's not love, one word used to describe strong romantic feelings is	lust.
when it's not love, one word used to describe strong romantic feelings is	infatuation.
one color wigs do you suspect cher might have is	black.
one color wigs do you suspect cher might have is	blonde.
one color wigs do you suspect cher might have is	red.
when people give up smoking,  another habit they may pick up is	overeating.
when people give up smoking,  another habit they may pick up is	biting nails.
without seeing it, one way you can tell one person has a cat in their house is	litter box.
without seeing it, one way you can tell one person has a cat in their house is	smell.
one is the last thing you stuck your finger in is	nose.
one is the last thing you stuck your finger in is	ear/my cat's ear.
one is the last thing you stuck your finger in is	mouth/teeth.
one would be the worst thing to be allergic to is	food.
one would be the worst thing to be allergic to is	people.
one would be the worst thing to be allergic to is	water.
one would be the worst thing to be allergic to is	animals.
one would be the worst thing to be allergic to is	money.
one is the best soap opera of all time is	days of our lives.
one is the best soap opera of all time is	all my children.
one is the best soap opera of all time is	general hospital.
one is the best soap opera of all time is	the young and the restles.
when you're staying at a hotel, one place where you might ask a person to meet you is	lobby.
when you're staying at a hotel, one place where you might ask a person to meet you is	bar.
when you're staying at a hotel, one place where you might ask a person to meet you is	restaurant.
when you're staying at a hotel, one place where you might ask a person to meet you is	outside hotel.
when you're staying at a hotel, one place where you might ask a person to meet you is	elevator.
one world city would you like to win a trip to is	paris.
one world city would you like to win a trip to is	london.
one world city would you like to win a trip to is	honolulu.
one world city would you like to win a trip to is	sydney.
one world city would you like to win a trip to is	rome.
one world city would you like to win a trip to is	hong kong.
one world city would you like to win a trip to is	new york.
one world city would you like to win a trip to is	san francisco.
Q: we surveyed 100 mentell me a snack that goes well with beer? A:	pretzels.
Q: we surveyed 100 mentell me a snack that goes well with beer? A:	peanuts.
Q: we surveyed 100 mentell me a snack that goes well with beer? A:	potato chips.
Q: we surveyed 100 mentell me a snack that goes well with beer? A:	chicken/buf. wing.
Q: we surveyed 100 mentell me a snack that goes well with beer? A:	pizza.
Q: we surveyed 100 mentell me a snack that goes well with beer? A:	popcorn.
when you hear a strange noise in the house during the night, exactly one do you do about it is	investigate.
when you hear a strange noise in the house during the night, exactly one do you do about it is	nothing.
when you hear a strange noise in the house during the night, exactly one do you do about it is	get scared.
when you hear a strange noise in the house during the night, exactly one do you do about it is	wake up mate.
when you hear a strange noise in the house during the night, exactly one do you do about it is	call police.
when you hear a strange noise in the house during the night, exactly one do you do about it is	get weapon.
one do you think of when you hear the word, "bond" is	james bond.
one do you think of when you hear the word, "bond" is	jail.
one do you think of when you hear the word, "bond" is	stocks.
one do you think of when you hear the word, "bond" is	marriage.
one do you think of when you hear the word, "bond" is	glue.
one do you think of when you hear the word, "bond" is	money.
Q: why might kids want to stay up late on a hot summer night? A:	watching tv.
Q: why might kids want to stay up late on a hot summer night? A:	playing.
Q: why might kids want to stay up late on a hot summer night? A:	can't sleep.
Q: why might kids want to stay up late on a hot summer night? A:	no school.
Q: why might kids want to stay up late on a hot summer night? A:	swimming.
Q: why might kids want to stay up late on a hot summer night? A:	camping.
we surveyed 100 womenone's the first question you ask when you're invited to a party is	date/time?.
we surveyed 100 womenone's the first question you ask when you're invited to a party is	where is it?.
we surveyed 100 womenone's the first question you ask when you're invited to a party is	what occasion?.
we surveyed 100 womenone's the first question you ask when you're invited to a party is	what to wear?.
Q: who is it that you hope will never get to see the results of of your iq test? A:	children.
Q: who is it that you hope will never get to see the results of of your iq test? A:	boss/co-workers.
Q: who is it that you hope will never get to see the results of of your iq test? A:	spouse/lover.
Q: who is it that you hope will never get to see the results of of your iq test? A:	parents.
Q: who is it that you hope will never get to see the results of of your iq test? A:	teachers.
we surveyed 100 womenone does it take to get your lover in the mood is	nothing.
we surveyed 100 womenone does it take to get your lover in the mood is	music/singing.
we surveyed 100 womenone does it take to get your lover in the mood is	a kiss.
we surveyed 100 womenone does it take to get your lover in the mood is	a caress/touch.
we surveyed 100 womenone does it take to get your lover in the mood is	a lil' drinky-poo.
Q: who is the greatest female tennis player ever? A:	serena williams.
Q: who is the greatest female tennis player ever? A:	billie jean king.
Q: who is the greatest female tennis player ever? A:	m. navratilova.
Q: who is the greatest female tennis player ever? A:	venus williams.
Q: who is the greatest female tennis player ever? A:	chris evert.
we surveyed 100 womenone do you think is really the best way to a man's heart is	food.
we surveyed 100 womenone do you think is really the best way to a man's heart is	kindness/love.
we surveyed 100 womenone do you think is really the best way to a man's heart is	sex.
we surveyed 100 womenone do you think is really the best way to a man's heart is	money/gifts.
we surveyed 100 womenone do you think is really the best way to a man's heart is	family/children.
we surveyed 100 womenone do you think is really the best way to a man's heart is	sense of humor.
we surveyed 100 womenone do you think is really the best way to a man's heart is	honesty.
one should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving is	pedestrians.
one should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving is	other drivers.
one should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving is	police officers.
one should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving is	animals.
one should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving is	red lights.
one should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving is	potholes.
one should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving is	bicycles.
Q: who do you think had the greatest mind in all of history? A:	albert einstein.
Q: who do you think had the greatest mind in all of history? A:	ben franklin.
Q: who do you think had the greatest mind in all of history? A:	gandhi.
Q: who do you think had the greatest mind in all of history? A:	leonardo da vinci.
Q: who do you think had the greatest mind in all of history? A:	jesus christ.
Q: who do you think had the greatest mind in all of history? A:	malcom x.
when playing charades,  one thing people do to imitate a dog is	bark.
when playing charades,  one thing people do to imitate a dog is	pant/tongue out.
when playing charades,  one thing people do to imitate a dog is	down on all fours.
when playing charades,  one thing people do to imitate a dog is	hands up/beg.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenwhy might you marry a man you don't really love? A:	money/security.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenwhy might you marry a man you don't really love? A:	he's great lover.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenwhy might you marry a man you don't really love? A:	kids/pregnant.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenwhy might you marry a man you don't really love? A:	he's handsome.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenwhy might you marry a man you don't really love? A:	his personality.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenwhy might you marry a man you don't really love? A:	companionship.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenwhy might you marry a man you don't really love? A:	parents made me.
one animal do you think eats the most is	elephant.
one animal do you think eats the most is	dog.
one animal do you think eats the most is	pig.
one animal do you think eats the most is	lion.
one animal do you think eats the most is	cow.
one animal do you think eats the most is	horse.
one animal do you think eats the most is	bear.
one is the first word many babies say is	mama.
one is the first word many babies say is	dada.
one is the first word many babies say is	baba/bottle.
one is the first word many babies say is	bye-bye.
one are the most popular after-school snacks for kids is	cookies.
one are the most popular after-school snacks for kids is	fruit.
one are the most popular after-school snacks for kids is	chips.
one are the most popular after-school snacks for kids is	pizza.
one are the most popular after-school snacks for kids is	sandwich.
when you're on a bad blind date, one thing you wish you could be doing instead is	watching tv.
when you're on a bad blind date, one thing you wish you could be doing instead is	sleeping.
when you're on a bad blind date, one thing you wish you could be doing instead is	being alone.
when you're on a bad blind date, one thing you wish you could be doing instead is	out with friends.
when you're on a bad blind date, one thing you wish you could be doing instead is	reading.
when you're on a bad blind date, one thing you wish you could be doing instead is	on different date.
when you're on a bad blind date, one thing you wish you could be doing instead is	fishing.
one phrase from their wedding vows do people have the hardest time following is	honor and obey.
one phrase from their wedding vows do people have the hardest time following is	til death do us part.
one phrase from their wedding vows do people have the hardest time following is	for richer or poorer.
one phrase from their wedding vows do people have the hardest time following is	sickness and health.
when people talk about "the big one," one do they refer to is	heart attack.
when people talk about "the big one," one do they refer to is	earthquake.
when people talk about "the big one," one do they refer to is	war.
when people talk about "the big one," one do they refer to is	death.
when people talk about "the big one," one do they refer to is	lottery.
one could you find in a garden salad, but not in a garden is	dressing.
one could you find in a garden salad, but not in a garden is	croutons.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing of yours you hide so your wife won't use it is	money/credit card.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing of yours you hide so your wife won't use it is	keys.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing of yours you hide so your wife won't use it is	clothes/shoes.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing of yours you hide so your wife won't use it is	razor/shaver.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing of yours you hide so your wife won't use it is	tools.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing of yours you hide so your wife won't use it is	remote control.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing of yours you hide so your wife won't use it is	cell phone.
Q: where do many teenagers have their first kiss? A:	car.
Q: where do many teenagers have their first kiss? A:	school dance.
Q: where do many teenagers have their first kiss? A:	movies.
Q: where do many teenagers have their first kiss? A:	park.
Q: where do many teenagers have their first kiss? A:	front door.
one's the one worst aspect of flying on a plane is	crashing.
one's the one worst aspect of flying on a plane is	turbulence.
one's the one worst aspect of flying on a plane is	taking off.
one's the one worst aspect of flying on a plane is	landing.
one's the one worst aspect of flying on a plane is	lines.
one's the one worst aspect of flying on a plane is	too high.
one country has the hardest working people is	united states.
one country has the hardest working people is	japan.
one country has the hardest working people is	china.
one country has the hardest working people is	mexico.
one country has the hardest working people is	india.
one country has the hardest working people is	russia.
when a man buys flowers for a woman, one reason why he might choose one kind over another is	price.
when a man buys flowers for a woman, one reason why he might choose one kind over another is	her favorite.
when a man buys flowers for a woman, one reason why he might choose one kind over another is	love.
when a man buys flowers for a woman, one reason why he might choose one kind over another is	color.
when a man buys flowers for a woman, one reason why he might choose one kind over another is	fragrance.
when a man buys flowers for a woman, one reason why he might choose one kind over another is	occasion.
one's the most important quality an employee can have is	honesty.
one's the most important quality an employee can have is	loyalty.
one's the most important quality an employee can have is	dependable.
one's the most important quality an employee can have is	hard working.
one's the most important quality an employee can have is	prompt.
one would a bank robber want to have plenty of while making his getaway is	money.
one would a bank robber want to have plenty of while making his getaway is	gas.
one would a bank robber want to have plenty of while making his getaway is	time.
one would a bank robber want to have plenty of while making his getaway is	ammunition.
one would a bank robber want to have plenty of while making his getaway is	speed.
one part of your body do you scratch the most is	head.
one part of your body do you scratch the most is	back.
one part of your body do you scratch the most is	arm.
one part of your body do you scratch the most is	nose.
one part of your body do you scratch the most is	face.
one part of your body do you scratch the most is	derriere.
we surveyed 100 menone interesting subject for conversation is	politics.
we surveyed 100 menone interesting subject for conversation is	sex/women.
we surveyed 100 menone interesting subject for conversation is	sports.
we surveyed 100 menone interesting subject for conversation is	movies/entertain..
we surveyed 100 menone interesting subject for conversation is	work/job.
we surveyed 100 menone interesting subject for conversation is	children/family.
one would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing is	reading.
one would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing is	playing.
one would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing is	chores.
one would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing is	sleeping.
one would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing is	crafts.
one would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing is	sports.
one would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing is	helping people.
one do people do at home on a saturday night if they can't afford to go out is	watch tv/movie.
one do people do at home on a saturday night if they can't afford to go out is	play games.
one do people do at home on a saturday night if they can't afford to go out is	sleep/relax.
one do people do at home on a saturday night if they can't afford to go out is	cook/eat dinner.
one do people do at home on a saturday night if they can't afford to go out is	have friends over.
one do people do at home on a saturday night if they can't afford to go out is	make love.
we surveyed 100 menone thing men worry about more than women is	money.
we surveyed 100 menone thing men worry about more than women is	appearance.
we surveyed 100 menone thing men worry about more than women is	security/job.
we surveyed 100 menone thing men worry about more than women is	sex.
we surveyed 100 menone thing men worry about more than women is	car.
one tv judge would you hate to have to face in a real courtroom is	judge judy.
one tv judge would you hate to have to face in a real courtroom is	judge mathis.
one tv judge would you hate to have to face in a real courtroom is	judge joe brown.
one tv judge would you hate to have to face in a real courtroom is	judge wapner.
one tv judge would you hate to have to face in a real courtroom is	judge hatchett.
one do many people think will change about their partner once they get married is	weight.
one do many people think will change about their partner once they get married is	looks.
one do many people think will change about their partner once they get married is	physical affection.
one do many people think will change about their partner once they get married is	attitude.
one do many people think will change about their partner once they get married is	habits.
one do many people think will change about their partner once they get married is	financial status.
we surveyed 100 womenone sport you'd only watch if the players were naked is	football.
we surveyed 100 womenone sport you'd only watch if the players were naked is	basketball.
we surveyed 100 womenone sport you'd only watch if the players were naked is	golf.
we surveyed 100 womenone sport you'd only watch if the players were naked is	baseball.
we surveyed 100 womenone sport you'd only watch if the players were naked is	tennis.
we surveyed 100 womenone sport you'd only watch if the players were naked is	polo.
we surveyed 100 womenone sport you'd only watch if the players were naked is	soccer.
we surveyed 100 womenone sport you'd only watch if the players were naked is	hockey.
Q: when it's the middle of the night, tell me an activity you try to do quietly? A:	go to the bathroom.
Q: when it's the middle of the night, tell me an activity you try to do quietly? A:	watch tv.
Q: when it's the middle of the night, tell me an activity you try to do quietly? A:	eat.
Q: when it's the middle of the night, tell me an activity you try to do quietly? A:	sleep.
Q: when it's the middle of the night, tell me an activity you try to do quietly? A:	read.
Q: when it's the middle of the night, tell me an activity you try to do quietly? A:	type.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing you're sure a robot could do better than your spouse can is	clean.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing you're sure a robot could do better than your spouse can is	cook.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing you're sure a robot could do better than your spouse can is	iron/laundry.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing you're sure a robot could do better than your spouse can is	drive.
one city do you think has the rudest drivers is	new york.
one city do you think has the rudest drivers is	los angeles.
one city do you think has the rudest drivers is	chicago.
one city do you think has the rudest drivers is	atlanta.
one city do you think has the rudest drivers is	detroit.
one city do you think has the rudest drivers is	boston.
one would you say is the biggest expense in a very large family is	food.
one would you say is the biggest expense in a very large family is	education.
one would you say is the biggest expense in a very large family is	house.
one would you say is the biggest expense in a very large family is	electricity.
one would you say is the biggest expense in a very large family is	clothes.
one would you say is the biggest expense in a very large family is	healthcare.
one are people talking about when they brag they've never had a single one in their lives is	traffic ticket.
one are people talking about when they brag they've never had a single one in their lives is	cigarette.
one are people talking about when they brag they've never had a single one in their lives is	accident.
one are people talking about when they brag they've never had a single one in their lives is	affair.
one are people talking about when they brag they've never had a single one in their lives is	cavity.
when a man breaks a woman's heart, one thing of his she'd like to break is	head/body.
when a man breaks a woman's heart, one thing of his she'd like to break is	windshield/car.
when a man breaks a woman's heart, one thing of his she'd like to break is	his heart.
when a man breaks a woman's heart, one thing of his she'd like to break is	ego/pride.
you never forget how to ride a bike one thing else you never forget how to do is	drive.
you never forget how to ride a bike one thing else you never forget how to do is	kiss/make love.
you never forget how to ride a bike one thing else you never forget how to do is	skate.
you never forget how to ride a bike one thing else you never forget how to do is	walk.
you never forget how to ride a bike one thing else you never forget how to do is	write/sign name.
you live to be 100 one thing you hope is still with you is	your mind.
you live to be 100 one thing you hope is still with you is	spouse.
you live to be 100 one thing you hope is still with you is	eyesight.
you live to be 100 one thing you hope is still with you is	health.
you live to be 100 one thing you hope is still with you is	my teeth.
you live to be 100 one thing you hope is still with you is	children.
at a restaurant, one do you do if your meal doesn't taste very good is	send back/new dish.
at a restaurant, one do you do if your meal doesn't taste very good is	complain.
at a restaurant, one do you do if your meal doesn't taste very good is	just eat it.
at a restaurant, one do you do if your meal doesn't taste very good is	refuse to pay/refund.
according to commercials, one product should a man buy in order to have women flock to him is	cologne/aftershave.
according to commercials, one product should a man buy in order to have women flock to him is	car.
according to commercials, one product should a man buy in order to have women flock to him is	deodorant.
according to commercials, one product should a man buy in order to have women flock to him is	shampoo.
according to commercials, one product should a man buy in order to have women flock to him is	hair growth cream.
according to commercials, one product should a man buy in order to have women flock to him is	beer.
although it was nice to be a kid, one part of childhood you'd never want to go through again is	school.
although it was nice to be a kid, one part of childhood you'd never want to go through again is	puberty.
although it was nice to be a kid, one part of childhood you'd never want to go through again is	acne.
although it was nice to be a kid, one part of childhood you'd never want to go through again is	potty training.
at a public pool one might you pay extra to rent is	locker.
at a public pool one might you pay extra to rent is	towel.
at a public pool one might you pay extra to rent is	chair.
at a public pool one might you pay extra to rent is	inner tube/float.
at a public pool one might you pay extra to rent is	umbrella.
at the theater,one do you do if the movie stinks within the first 10 minutes is	leave.
at the theater,one do you do if the movie stinks within the first 10 minutes is	fall asleep.
at the theater,one do you do if the movie stinks within the first 10 minutes is	watch it anyway.
at the theater,one do you do if the movie stinks within the first 10 minutes is	ask for money back.
apart from tv and film, one thing you watch is	sport.
apart from tv and film, one thing you watch is	kids.
apart from tv and film, one thing you watch is	people.
apart from tv and film, one thing you watch is	a play.
apart from tv and film, one thing you watch is	time.
apart from tv and film, one thing you watch is	clock.
after finally moving the couch for the first time in ten years, one thing you might find underneath it is	money/change.
after finally moving the couch for the first time in ten years, one thing you might find underneath it is	dust bunnies.
after finally moving the couch for the first time in ten years, one thing you might find underneath it is	old food.
after finally moving the couch for the first time in ten years, one thing you might find underneath it is	toys.
after finally moving the couch for the first time in ten years, one thing you might find underneath it is	clothes/shoes.
after finally moving the couch for the first time in ten years, one thing you might find underneath it is	the remote.
as early as october, one way to tell christmas is coming is	gets cold out.
as early as october, one way to tell christmas is coming is	decorations.
according to women one is the most important element in a relationship is	trust.
according to women one is the most important element in a relationship is	love.
apart from a bee, one else can sting you is	wasp.
apart from a bee, one else can sting you is	jellyfish.
apart from a bee, one else can sting you is	mosquito.
apart from a bee, one else can sting you is	bullant.
apart from a bee, one else can sting you is	scorpion.
besides syrup, one thing kids love to put on their pancakes is	butter.
besides syrup, one thing kids love to put on their pancakes is	jelly.
besides syrup, one thing kids love to put on their pancakes is	berries.
besides syrup, one thing kids love to put on their pancakes is	cinnamon.
besides utensils, one thing that's already on the restaurant table when you sit down is	napkins.
besides utensils, one thing that's already on the restaurant table when you sit down is	salt and pepper.
besides utensils, one thing that's already on the restaurant table when you sit down is	menu.
besides utensils, one thing that's already on the restaurant table when you sit down is	glass.
besides utensils, one thing that's already on the restaurant table when you sit down is	table cloth.
besides utensils, one thing that's already on the restaurant table when you sit down is	ketchup.
besides blueberry one kind of muffin people eat at breakfast is	bran.
besides blueberry one kind of muffin people eat at breakfast is	banana.
besides blueberry one kind of muffin people eat at breakfast is	raisin.
besides blueberry one kind of muffin people eat at breakfast is	corn.
besides blueberry one kind of muffin people eat at breakfast is	chocolate chip.
besides blueberry one kind of muffin people eat at breakfast is	apple.
besides tomatoes one thing you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce is	mushroom.
besides tomatoes one thing you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce is	meat.
besides tomatoes one thing you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce is	garlic.
besides tomatoes one thing you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce is	bell pepper.
besides tomatoes one thing you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce is	oregano.
besides tomatoes one thing you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce is	onion.
besides tomatoes one thing you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce is	basil.
besides books, one thing that's sold in a bookstore is	magazines.
besides books, one thing that's sold in a bookstore is	bookmarks.
besides books, one thing that's sold in a bookstore is	newspaper.
besides books, one thing that's sold in a bookstore is	miusic.
besides books, one thing that's sold in a bookstore is	calendars.
besides books, one thing that's sold in a bookstore is	coffee.
besides books, one thing that's sold in a bookstore is	audio book.
besides pants, one article of clothing that might be made out of denim is	jacket.
besides pants, one article of clothing that might be made out of denim is	shirt.
besides pants, one article of clothing that might be made out of denim is	skirt.
besides pants, one article of clothing that might be made out of denim is	hat.
besides pants, one article of clothing that might be made out of denim is	vest.
besides pants, one article of clothing that might be made out of denim is	dress.
besides the ball, one thing you need to play soccer is	players.
besides the ball, one thing you need to play soccer is	net.
besides the ball, one thing you need to play soccer is	cleats.
besides the ball, one thing you need to play soccer is	feet.
besides the ball, one thing you need to play soccer is	uniform.
besides the ball, one thing you need to play soccer is	protective gear.
besides your mother, one female who told you what to do while you were growing up is	grandmother.
besides your mother, one female who told you what to do while you were growing up is	aunt.
besides your mother, one female who told you what to do while you were growing up is	teacher.
besides your mother, one female who told you what to do while you were growing up is	older sister.
besides your mother, one female who told you what to do while you were growing up is	babysitter.
besides watching it one thing people do in front of the television is	eat.
besides watching it one thing people do in front of the television is	sleep.
besides watching it one thing people do in front of the television is	exersice.
besides watching it one thing people do in front of the television is	games.
besides watching it one thing people do in front of the television is	talk.
Q: before you see any fighting how do you know youre watching a kung fu movie? A:	actors.
Q: before you see any fighting how do you know youre watching a kung fu movie? A:	subtitles.
Q: before you see any fighting how do you know youre watching a kung fu movie? A:	music.
Q: before you see any fighting how do you know youre watching a kung fu movie? A:	title.
besides math  the most difficult subject in school is	science.
besides math  the most difficult subject in school is	english.
besides math  the most difficult subject in school is	history.
besides math  the most difficult subject in school is	foreign language.
besides spaghetti, one type of pasta is	penne.
besides spaghetti, one type of pasta is	lasagna.
besides spaghetti, one type of pasta is	fettucini.
besides spaghetti, one type of pasta is	rotini.
besides spaghetti, one type of pasta is	linguine.
besides spaghetti, one type of pasta is	ravioli.
besides the blade one thing youd find on a swiss army knife is	corkscrew.
besides the blade one thing youd find on a swiss army knife is	screw driver.
besides the blade one thing youd find on a swiss army knife is	scissors.
besides the blade one thing youd find on a swiss army knife is	can opener.
besides the blade one thing youd find on a swiss army knife is	bottle opener.
besides the blade one thing youd find on a swiss army knife is	nail file.
besides a professional cyclist, one job that involves bicycle riding is	cop.
besides a professional cyclist, one job that involves bicycle riding is	messenger.
besides a professional cyclist, one job that involves bicycle riding is	paper boy.
besides a professional cyclist, one job that involves bicycle riding is	clown.
besides coke,  another kind of soda is	sprite.
besides coke,  another kind of soda is	pepsi.
besides coke,  another kind of soda is	root beer.
besides coke,  another kind of soda is	7 up.
besides coke,  another kind of soda is	dr pepper.
besides coke,  another kind of soda is	mountain dew.
besides exercise, one thing a person might do at a fancy health club is	hang out at pool.
besides exercise, one thing a person might do at a fancy health club is	get a massage.
besides exercise, one thing a person might do at a fancy health club is	sit in sauna.
besides exercise, one thing a person might do at a fancy health club is	soak in hot tub.
besides exercise, one thing a person might do at a fancy health club is	socialize.
besides exercise, one thing a person might do at a fancy health club is	eat.
besides exercise, one thing a person might do at a fancy health club is	watch tv.
besides cheer, one thing fans do at a baseball game is	eat.
besides cheer, one thing fans do at a baseball game is	drink.
besides medicine, one thing people keep in their medicine cabinet is	bandages.
besides medicine, one thing people keep in their medicine cabinet is	toothpaste.
besides medicine, one thing people keep in their medicine cabinet is	toothbrush.
besides pizza, one thing a pizza place might serve is	bread/cheese sticks.
besides pizza, one thing a pizza place might serve is	salad.
besides potato chips, one food you can't eat just one of is	cookies.
besides potato chips, one food you can't eat just one of is	french fries.
besides potato chips, one food you can't eat just one of is	candy.
besides potato chips, one food you can't eat just one of is	nuts.
besides potato chips, one food you can't eat just one of is	popcorn.
besides potato chips, one food you can't eat just one of is	pretzels.
besides dishes, one thing you might put in your dishwasher is	pot and pans.
besides dishes, one thing you might put in your dishwasher is	silverware.
besides dishes, one thing you might put in your dishwasher is	soap.
besides a police officer, one profession where it's important to carry identification is	doctor.
besides a police officer, one profession where it's important to carry identification is	firefighter.
besides a police officer, one profession where it's important to carry identification is	government employees.
besides a police officer, one profession where it's important to carry identification is	teacher.
besides a police officer, one profession where it's important to carry identification is	lawyer.
besides a police officer, one profession where it's important to carry identification is	security guard.
based on one you've heard or believe, one do you think you'd find in heaven is	angels.
based on one you've heard or believe, one do you think you'd find in heaven is	god/jesus.
based on one you've heard or believe, one do you think you'd find in heaven is	peace/happiness.
based on one you've heard or believe, one do you think you'd find in heaven is	loved ones.
based on one you've heard or believe, one do you think you'd find in heaven is	"pearly gates".
based on one you've heard or believe, one do you think you'd find in heaven is	clouds.
Q: besides a regular sunday, tell me an occasion when you might go to church? A:	wedding.
Q: besides a regular sunday, tell me an occasion when you might go to church? A:	christmas.
Q: besides a regular sunday, tell me an occasion when you might go to church? A:	easter.
Q: besides a regular sunday, tell me an occasion when you might go to church? A:	funeral.
besides shoes, one thing people buy for their feet is	socks.
besides shoes, one thing people buy for their feet is	nail polish.
besides clothing, one thing people wear every day is	watch.
besides clothing, one thing people wear every day is	jewelry.
besides clothing, one thing people wear every day is	shoes.
besides clothing, one thing people wear every day is	deodorant.
besides clothing, one thing people wear every day is	eyeglasses.
besides clothing, one thing people wear every day is	makeup.
besides clothing, one thing people wear every day is	smile.
besides your foot one part of the body that occasionally falls asleep is	hand.
besides your foot one part of the body that occasionally falls asleep is	arm.
besides your foot one part of the body that occasionally falls asleep is	leg.
besides your foot one part of the body that occasionally falls asleep is	buttocks.
Q: complete this sentence the key to a successful marriage is ____ing together? A:	sleep.
Q: complete this sentence the key to a successful marriage is ____ing together? A:	work.
Q: complete this sentence the key to a successful marriage is ____ing together? A:	talk.
Q: complete this sentence the key to a successful marriage is ____ing together? A:	laugh.
children have trouble sharing toys one thing adults have trouble sharing is	money.
children have trouble sharing toys one thing adults have trouble sharing is	spouse.
children have trouble sharing toys one thing adults have trouble sharing is	thoughts.
children have trouble sharing toys one thing adults have trouble sharing is	time.
children have trouble sharing toys one thing adults have trouble sharing is	remote.
children have trouble sharing toys one thing adults have trouble sharing is	cars.
during one month of pregnancy do couples announce it is	3.
during one month of pregnancy do couples announce it is	4.
during one month of pregnancy do couples announce it is	2.
during one month of pregnancy do couples announce it is	6.
during one month of pregnancy do couples announce it is	5.
during one month of pregnancy do couples announce it is	1.
during your morning routine one thing youd hate to discover wasnt working is	shower.
during your morning routine one thing youd hate to discover wasnt working is	coffeemaker.
during your morning routine one thing youd hate to discover wasnt working is	car.
during your morning routine one thing youd hate to discover wasnt working is	hair dryer.
during your morning routine one thing youd hate to discover wasnt working is	alarm clock.
duct tape can fix a lot of things, but one expensive item that it would probably be useless to fix is	car/tires.
duct tape can fix a lot of things, but one expensive item that it would probably be useless to fix is	tv/electronics.
duct tape can fix a lot of things, but one expensive item that it would probably be useless to fix is	ring/jewelry.
duct tape can fix a lot of things, but one expensive item that it would probably be useless to fix is	frige/appliance.
duct tape can fix a lot of things, but one expensive item that it would probably be useless to fix is	glass/window.
even in a tidy house,  one place where there's usually junk hidden away is	closet.
even in a tidy house,  one place where there's usually junk hidden away is	under bed.
even in a tidy house,  one place where there's usually junk hidden away is	attic.
even in a tidy house,  one place where there's usually junk hidden away is	garage.
even in a tidy house,  one place where there's usually junk hidden away is	kitchen drawer.
even in a tidy house,  one place where there's usually junk hidden away is	basement.
for one occasion would you hate to forget to buy a gift is	birthday.
for one occasion would you hate to forget to buy a gift is	anniversary.
for one occasion would you hate to forget to buy a gift is	wedding.
for one occasion would you hate to forget to buy a gift is	christmas.
for one occasion would you hate to forget to buy a gift is	valentines day.
for one occasion would you hate to forget to buy a gift is	mothers day.
Q: finish the sentence hold your _____? A:	breath.
Q: finish the sentence hold your _____? A:	horses.
Q: finish the sentence hold your _____? A:	tongue.
Q: finish the sentence hold your _____? A:	hand.
Q: finish the sentence hold your _____? A:	nose.
Q: finish the sentence hold your _____? A:	own.
Q: fill in the blank it's hard to find a good _______? A:	man.
Q: fill in the blank it's hard to find a good _______? A:	job.
give me a  you hear a lot in the bible is	jesus.
give me a  you hear a lot in the bible is	god.
give me a  you hear a lot in the bible is	john.
one short phrase containing the word "mind" is	your own business.
one short phrase containing the word "mind" is	mind over matter.
one short phrase containing the word "mind" is	mind...to waste.
one short phrase containing the word "mind" is	lose my/your mind.
one short phrase containing the word "mind" is	mind-boggling.
one phrase that begins with the words "get a" is	get a life.
one phrase that begins with the words "get a" is	get a job.
one phrase that begins with the words "get a" is	get a grip.
one phrase that begins with the words "get a" is	get away.
one famous diane or diana is	princess diana.
one famous diane or diana is	diana ross.
one famous diane or diana is	diane keaton.
one famous diane or diana is	diane sawyer.
one famous diane or diana is	diahann carroll.
Q: give me another expression for prison? A:	jail.
Q: give me another expression for prison? A:	penitentiary/pen.
Q: give me another expression for prison? A:	the joint.
Q: give me another expression for prison? A:	the slammer.
Q: give me another expression for prison? A:	big house.
Q: give me another expression for prison? A:	hoosegow.
one diy project that you might take up in your house is	painting.
one diy project that you might take up in your house is	remodel kitchen.
one diy project that you might take up in your house is	remodel bathroom.
one diy project that you might take up in your house is	make shelves.
give me a woman's  that is 4 letters long is	mary.
give me a woman's  that is 4 letters long is	jane.
give me a woman's  that is 4 letters long is	lisa.
give me a woman's  that is 4 letters long is	beth.
give me a woman's  that is 4 letters long is	kate.
give me a woman's  that is 4 letters long is	sara.
Q: how many weeks in advance do you decorate for christmas? A:	four weeks.
Q: how many weeks in advance do you decorate for christmas? A:	three weeks.
Q: how many weeks in advance do you decorate for christmas? A:	two weeks.
Q: how many weeks in advance do you decorate for christmas? A:	six weeks.
Q: how many pairs of pants does the average man own? A:	4.
Q: how many pairs of pants does the average man own? A:	5.
Q: how many pairs of pants does the average man own? A:	6.
Q: how many pairs of pants does the average man own? A:	7.
Q: how many pairs of pants does the average man own? A:	10.
Q: how many pairs of pants does the average man own? A:	12.
Q: how many pairs of pants does the average man own? A:	15.
Q: how many hours of sleep does the average person need in oder to wake up refreshed? A:	8.
Q: how many hours of sleep does the average person need in oder to wake up refreshed? A:	7.
Q: how many hours of sleep does the average person need in oder to wake up refreshed? A:	6.
Q: how many hours of sleep does the average person need in oder to wake up refreshed? A:	10.
Q: how many hours of sleep does the average person need in oder to wake up refreshed? A:	9.
husbands and wives share many things one is something that a husband and wife should never share is	toothbrush.
husbands and wives share many things one is something that a husband and wife should never share is	underwear.
husbands and wives share many things one is something that a husband and wife should never share is	money.
husbands and wives share many things one is something that a husband and wife should never share is	razor.
husbands and wives share many things one is something that a husband and wife should never share is	secrets.
husbands and wives share many things one is something that a husband and wife should never share is	a bathroom.
in the office, one thing that people borrow but almost never return is	pen/pencil.
in the office, one thing that people borrow but almost never return is	money.
in the office, one thing that people borrow but almost never return is	stapler.
in the office, one thing that people borrow but almost never return is	paper.
if a woman had a midlife crisis one might she do is	buy new car.
if a woman had a midlife crisis one might she do is	have an affair.
if a woman had a midlife crisis one might she do is	plastic surgery.
if a woman had a midlife crisis one might she do is	shopping spree.
if a woman had a midlife crisis one might she do is	cut/dye hair.
if a woman was to marry tarzan, one thing she would have to get used to is	living in jungle.
if a woman was to marry tarzan, one thing she would have to get used to is	his yelling.
if a woman was to marry tarzan, one thing she would have to get used to is	his swinging.
if a woman was to marry tarzan, one thing she would have to get used to is	apes.
if a woman was to marry tarzan, one thing she would have to get used to is	his outfit.
if a woman was to marry tarzan, one thing she would have to get used to is	his odor.
if or out of the dentist's chair, one thing the dentist warns not to do is	consume sweets.
if or out of the dentist's chair, one thing the dentist warns not to do is	smoke.
if or out of the dentist's chair, one thing the dentist warns not to do is	wiggle.
if or out of the dentist's chair, one thing the dentist warns not to do is	swallow.
if or out of the dentist's chair, one thing the dentist warns not to do is	bite down.
if or out of the dentist's chair, one thing the dentist warns not to do is	grind teeth.
Q: if money isn't an object, who do people hire to help make their lives easier? A:	maid.
Q: if money isn't an object, who do people hire to help make their lives easier? A:	chef.
Q: if money isn't an object, who do people hire to help make their lives easier? A:	butler.
Q: if money isn't an object, who do people hire to help make their lives easier? A:	nanny.
Q: if money isn't an object, who do people hire to help make their lives easier? A:	driver.
Q: if you had no teeth, tell me a food you couldn't eat anymore? A:	corn on the cob.
Q: if you had no teeth, tell me a food you couldn't eat anymore? A:	apples.
Q: if you had no teeth, tell me a food you couldn't eat anymore? A:	steak.
Q: if you had no teeth, tell me a food you couldn't eat anymore? A:	candy.
Q: if you had no teeth, tell me a food you couldn't eat anymore? A:	ribs.
if you go to sleep with the windows open, one sound that might wake you up is	birds.
if you go to sleep with the windows open, one sound that might wake you up is	wind.
if you go to sleep with the windows open, one sound that might wake you up is	traffic.
if you go to sleep with the windows open, one sound that might wake you up is	crickets.
if you go to sleep with the windows open, one sound that might wake you up is	storm.
if you go to sleep with the windows open, one sound that might wake you up is	dog.
Q: if you wanted to marry a cowboy where would you start hanging out? A:	rodeo.
Q: if you wanted to marry a cowboy where would you start hanging out? A:	saloon.
Q: if you wanted to marry a cowboy where would you start hanging out? A:	farm.
Q: if you wanted to marry a cowboy where would you start hanging out? A:	texas.
if you got to be fearless for one day  the first thing youd try is	sky diving.
if you got to be fearless for one day  the first thing youd try is	fly.
if you got to be fearless for one day  the first thing youd try is	bungee jumping.
if you got to be fearless for one day  the first thing youd try is	driving a race car.
if there is a doggy heaven, one thing it probably has a lot of is	bones.
if there is a doggy heaven, one thing it probably has a lot of is	fire hydrants.
if you just ran a marathon,one would you need to do after the race was over is	drink water.
if you just ran a marathon,one would you need to do after the race was over is	rest.
if you just ran a marathon,one would you need to do after the race was over is	shower.
if you just ran a marathon,one would you need to do after the race was over is	stretch.
if you just ran a marathon,one would you need to do after the race was over is	use bathroom.
if a con man approached you, one do you think he'd immediately want to know is	your name.
if a con man approached you, one do you think he'd immediately want to know is	your income.
if a con man approached you, one do you think he'd immediately want to know is	your age.
if a con man approached you, one do you think he'd immediately want to know is	your address.
Q: if santa had a twitter account, who might be an avid follower of it? A:	kids.
Q: if santa had a twitter account, who might be an avid follower of it? A:	elves.
Q: if santa had a twitter account, who might be an avid follower of it? A:	reindeer.
Q: if santa had a twitter account, who might be an avid follower of it? A:	mrs claus.
if adults had fight like toddlers do, one might your spouse do the next time you disagreed is	cry.
if adults had fight like toddlers do, one might your spouse do the next time you disagreed is	bite.
if adults had fight like toddlers do, one might your spouse do the next time you disagreed is	pull hair.
if adults had fight like toddlers do, one might your spouse do the next time you disagreed is	pout.
if adults had fight like toddlers do, one might your spouse do the next time you disagreed is	throw something.
if adults had fight like toddlers do, one might your spouse do the next time you disagreed is	scream.
if adults had fight like toddlers do, one might your spouse do the next time you disagreed is	tantrum.
if a child were raised by squirrels one thing he'd be good at is	climbing.
if a child were raised by squirrels one thing he'd be good at is	cracking nuts.
if a child were raised by squirrels one thing he'd be good at is	running.
if a child were raised by squirrels one thing he'd be good at is	storage in cheeks.
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar one thing they might teach you how to do is	play guitar.
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar one thing they might teach you how to do is	sing.
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar one thing they might teach you how to do is	piano.
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar one thing they might teach you how to do is	dance.
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar one thing they might teach you how to do is	record.
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar one thing they might teach you how to do is	dress.
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar one thing they might teach you how to do is	be crazy.
if santa's reindeer couldn't fly on christmas eve, one mode of transportation might he use instead is	airplane.
if santa's reindeer couldn't fly on christmas eve, one mode of transportation might he use instead is	car.
if santa's reindeer couldn't fly on christmas eve, one mode of transportation might he use instead is	bus.
if santa's reindeer couldn't fly on christmas eve, one mode of transportation might he use instead is	train.
if santa's reindeer couldn't fly on christmas eve, one mode of transportation might he use instead is	helicopter.
if santa's reindeer couldn't fly on christmas eve, one mode of transportation might he use instead is	sled.
if you were an earth tour guide one landmarks would you show to an alien is	grand canyon.
if you were an earth tour guide one landmarks would you show to an alien is	statue of liberty.
if you were an earth tour guide one landmarks would you show to an alien is	white house.
if you were an earth tour guide one landmarks would you show to an alien is	eiffel tower.
if you were an earth tour guide one landmarks would you show to an alien is	egyptian pyramids.
if you were an earth tour guide one landmarks would you show to an alien is	great wall of china.
if you were an earth tour guide one landmarks would you show to an alien is	mount rushmore.
if you were to write a memoir,one specific topic that would come up a lot is	love/marriage.
if you were to write a memoir,one specific topic that would come up a lot is	family/children.
if you were to write a memoir,one specific topic that would come up a lot is	childhood.
if you were to write a memoir,one specific topic that would come up a lot is	work.
if an auctioneer had a baby one might be her first words is	sold.
if an auctioneer had a baby one might be her first words is	going once.
if an auctioneer had a baby one might be her first words is	bid.
if an auctioneer had a baby one might be her first words is	do i hear.
in a classroom, one way to tell a teacher is a substitute is	nervous.
in a classroom, one way to tell a teacher is a substitute is	name on board.
in a classroom, one way to tell a teacher is a substitute is	doesn't know names.
in a classroom, one way to tell a teacher is a substitute is	no control.
if you got stuck in the desert one would you want to have with you is	water.
if you got stuck in the desert one would you want to have with you is	food.
if you got stuck in the desert one would you want to have with you is	a cell phone.
if you got stuck in the desert one would you want to have with you is	a camel.
if you got stuck in the desert one would you want to have with you is	a friend.
if apple pie lost its title as the food defining america, one dessert might take its place is	chocolate cake.
if apple pie lost its title as the food defining america, one dessert might take its place is	cheese cake.
if apple pie lost its title as the food defining america, one dessert might take its place is	cherry pie.
if apple pie lost its title as the food defining america, one dessert might take its place is	pumpkin pie.
if apple pie lost its title as the food defining america, one dessert might take its place is	ice cream/float.
if apple pie lost its title as the food defining america, one dessert might take its place is	choc. chip cookie.
if you made a zoro doll, one thing it might come with is	mask.
if you made a zoro doll, one thing it might come with is	cape.
if you made a zoro doll, one thing it might come with is	horse.
if you have an unexpected knock on the door,  one thing you do before answering is	ask who it is.
if you have an unexpected knock on the door,  one thing you do before answering is	look.
if your dog won best in show, one thing he'd do with his trophy is	chew.
if your dog won best in show, one thing he'd do with his trophy is	lick it.
if your dog won best in show, one thing he'd do with his trophy is	sniff it.
if your dog won best in show, one thing he'd do with his trophy is	bury it.
if your dog won best in show, one thing he'd do with his trophy is	drink from it.
if your dog won best in show, one thing he'd do with his trophy is	cuddle it.
if she really wants to be happy, one occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors is	doctor.
if she really wants to be happy, one occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors is	shrink.
if she really wants to be happy, one occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors is	lawyer.
if she really wants to be happy, one occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors is	plumber.
if she really wants to be happy, one occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors is	construction.
if she really wants to be happy, one occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors is	teacher.
if she really wants to be happy, one occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors is	massage therapist.
if you dated simon cowell from "american idol," one thing he might criticize about you is	weight/body.
if you dated simon cowell from "american idol," one thing he might criticize about you is	singing voice.
if you dated simon cowell from "american idol," one thing he might criticize about you is	looks/hair.
if you dated simon cowell from "american idol," one thing he might criticize about you is	clothes.
Q: if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess? A:	diana ross.
Q: if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess? A:	whitney houston.
Q: if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess? A:	alicia keys.
Q: if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess? A:	tina turner.
Q: if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess? A:	beyonce.
Q: if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess? A:	patti labelle.
Q: if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess? A:	mariah carey.
Q: if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess? A:	mary j. blige.
if donald trump lost all his money, one thing else he'd probably lose is	wife.
if donald trump lost all his money, one thing else he'd probably lose is	hair.
if donald trump lost all his money, one thing else he'd probably lose is	property.
if donald trump lost all his money, one thing else he'd probably lose is	fame.
if donald trump lost all his money, one thing else he'd probably lose is	mind.
if donald trump lost all his money, one thing else he'd probably lose is	dignity.
if you decided to live a simpler life, one's the first thing you'd get rid of is	television.
if you decided to live a simpler life, one's the first thing you'd get rid of is	phone.
if you decided to live a simpler life, one's the first thing you'd get rid of is	computer.
if you decided to live a simpler life, one's the first thing you'd get rid of is	car.
if you decided to live a simpler life, one's the first thing you'd get rid of is	house.
if you decided to live a simpler life, one's the first thing you'd get rid of is	job.
if diamonds are a girl's best friend, one's a guy's is	dog.
if diamonds are a girl's best friend, one's a guy's is	car.
if diamonds are a girl's best friend, one's a guy's is	women/sex.
if diamonds are a girl's best friend, one's a guy's is	money.
if diamonds are a girl's best friend, one's a guy's is	sports.
if diamonds are a girl's best friend, one's a guy's is	remote/tv.
if gas gets much more expensive, one thing you may have to go without is	driving car/gas.
if gas gets much more expensive, one thing you may have to go without is	food/eating out.
if gas gets much more expensive, one thing you may have to go without is	travel/vacation.
if gas gets much more expensive, one thing you may have to go without is	new clothes/shoes.
if gas gets much more expensive, one thing you may have to go without is	heat/air-cond..
if gas gets much more expensive, one thing you may have to go without is	cigarette/smoking.
if your pet could talk, one might they say to you is	feed them.
if your pet could talk, one might they say to you is	walk them.
if your pet could talk, one might they say to you is	treats.
if your pet could talk, one might they say to you is	crazy.
if your dog could talk, one might he say is	feed them.
if your dog could talk, one might he say is	walk them.
if your dog could talk, one might he say is	treats.
if your dog could talk, one might he say is	crazy.
if an angry dog was chasing you, one would you do is	run.
if an angry dog was chasing you, one would you do is	stop/stand still.
if an angry dog was chasing you, one would you do is	jump on something.
if an angry dog was chasing you, one would you do is	kick/attack it.
if an angry dog was chasing you, one would you do is	scream/yell.
if an angry dog was chasing you, one would you do is	pray.
if you lived in a glass house, one thing your neighbors might see you doing in the nude is	shower/bath.
if you lived in a glass house, one thing your neighbors might see you doing in the nude is	making love.
if you lived in a glass house, one thing your neighbors might see you doing in the nude is	housework.
if you lived in a glass house, one thing your neighbors might see you doing in the nude is	dancing.
if you lived in a glass house, one thing your neighbors might see you doing in the nude is	cooking.
Q: in one word describe your feet? A:	big.
Q: in one word describe your feet? A:	small.
Q: in one word describe your feet? A:	cute.
Q: in one word describe your feet? A:	sore.
Q: in one word describe your feet? A:	ugly.
Q: in one word describe your feet? A:	strong.
Q: in one word describe your feet? A:	average.
Q: in one word describe your feet? A:	flat.
like a colored easter egg, one holiday object is fun to have when it's fresh, but not fun to find months later is	jack o'lantern.
like a colored easter egg, one holiday object is fun to have when it's fresh, but not fun to find months later is	fruitcake.
like a colored easter egg, one holiday object is fun to have when it's fresh, but not fun to find months later is	christmas tree.
like a colored easter egg, one holiday object is fun to have when it's fresh, but not fun to find months later is	gingerbread house.
living for dead, one former president who's more popular now than during his presidency is	abraham lincoln.
living for dead, one former president who's more popular now than during his presidency is	ronald reagan.
living for dead, one former president who's more popular now than during his presidency is	john kennedy.
living for dead, one former president who's more popular now than during his presidency is	bill clinton.
living for dead, one former president who's more popular now than during his presidency is	george washington.
living for dead, one former president who's more popular now than during his presidency is	jimmy carter.
men are something referred to as "weasels"  another animal men are compared to is	dog.
men are something referred to as "weasels"  another animal men are compared to is	snake.
men are something referred to as "weasels"  another animal men are compared to is	pig.
men are something referred to as "weasels"  another animal men are compared to is	jackass.
men are something referred to as "weasels"  another animal men are compared to is	lion.
Q: movie studio? A:	money.
Q: movie studio? A:	house.
Q: movie studio? A:	looks.
Q: movie studio? A:	eye color.
one thing that might really annoy santa when he comes to your house is	no cookies.
one thing that might really annoy santa when he comes to your house is	can't use chimney.
one thing that might really annoy santa when he comes to your house is	a fire in fireplace.
one thing that might really annoy santa when he comes to your house is	children awake.
one thing that might really annoy santa when he comes to your house is	a dog.
one thing that might really annoy santa when he comes to your house is	naughty kids.
one thing dogs get more excited about than people is	bones.
one thing dogs get more excited about than people is	food.
one thing dogs get more excited about than people is	people.
one thing dogs get more excited about than people is	treats.
one thing dogs get more excited about than people is	other dogs.
one thing dogs get more excited about than people is	going for a walk.
one thing dogs get more excited about than people is	toys.
one kids movie that most adults have seen too is	shrek.
one kids movie that most adults have seen too is	toy story.
one kids movie that most adults have seen too is	lion king.
one kids movie that most adults have seen too is	et.
one kids movie that most adults have seen too is	bambi.
one kids movie that most adults have seen too is	cinderella.
one kids movie that most adults have seen too is	finding nemo.
one thing given to both spoiled dogs and spoiled children is	treats.
one thing given to both spoiled dogs and spoiled children is	toys.
one thing given to both spoiled dogs and spoiled children is	attention.
one thing given to both spoiled dogs and spoiled children is	clothes.
one thing given to both spoiled dogs and spoiled children is	praise.
one thing you'd be surprised to hear a six month old baby has already learned how to do is	walk.
one thing you'd be surprised to hear a six month old baby has already learned how to do is	talk.
one thing you'd be surprised to hear a six month old baby has already learned how to do is	read.
one thing you'd be surprised to hear a six month old baby has already learned how to do is	eat on their own.
one thing you'd be surprised to hear a six month old baby has already learned how to do is	hold a bottle.
one thing you'd be surprised to hear a six month old baby has already learned how to do is	crawl.
one term or phrase with the word "control" in it is	control freak.
one term or phrase with the word "control" in it is	remote control.
one term or phrase with the word "control" in it is	out of control.
one term or phrase with the word "control" in it is	control panel.
one term or phrase with the word "control" in it is	self control.
one term or phrase with the word "control" in it is	mind control.
one thing that causes yo to become friends with one person you otherwise wouldn't have is	money.
one thing that causes yo to become friends with one person you otherwise wouldn't have is	school/work.
one thing that causes yo to become friends with one person you otherwise wouldn't have is	both have kids.
one thing that causes yo to become friends with one person you otherwise wouldn't have is	mutual friiends.
one thing people mark on their calendars is	birthdays.
one thing people mark on their calendars is	appointments.
one thing people mark on their calendars is	anniversary.
one thing people mark on their calendars is	vacation.
one thing specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores is	candles.
one thing specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores is	incense.
one thing specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores is	crystals.
one thing specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores is	new age clothes.
one thing specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores is	terot cards.
one thing specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores is	lava lamp.
one thing specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores is	new age books.
one job that you'd need a license to do is	doctor.
one job that you'd need a license to do is	truck driver.
one job that you'd need a license to do is	nurse.
one job that you'd need a license to do is	taxi driver.
one job that you'd need a license to do is	bus driver.
one job that you'd need a license to do is	electrician.
one job that you'd need a license to do is	teacher.
one thing specific that doesn't get cleaned between flights on an airplane is	seats.
one thing specific that doesn't get cleaned between flights on an airplane is	bathroom.
one thing specific that doesn't get cleaned between flights on an airplane is	floor.
one thing specific that doesn't get cleaned between flights on an airplane is	pillows/blankets.
one thing specific that doesn't get cleaned between flights on an airplane is	windows.
one thing specific that doesn't get cleaned between flights on an airplane is	tray tables.
one city you recognize just by seeing a photo is	new york city.
one city you recognize just by seeing a photo is	st louise.
one city you recognize just by seeing a photo is	houston.
one city you recognize just by seeing a photo is	san francisco.
one city you recognize just by seeing a photo is	los angeles.
one city you recognize just by seeing a photo is	new orleans.
one city you recognize just by seeing a photo is	washington d.c..
one activity for which you might use walkie talkies is	camping.
one activity for which you might use walkie talkies is	hiking.
one activity for which you might use walkie talkies is	hunting.
one activity for which you might use walkie talkies is	hide and seek.
one way you can tell that one person was just at the beach is	suntan.
one way you can tell that one person was just at the beach is	sunburn.
one way you can tell that one person was just at the beach is	sand.
one way you can tell that one person was just at the beach is	wet.
one way you can tell that one person was just at the beach is	beach smell.
one way you can tell that one person was just at the beach is	swim suit.
one thing you might cut out of your morning routine if you were in a big hurry is	breakfast.
one thing you might cut out of your morning routine if you were in a big hurry is	makeup.
one thing you might cut out of your morning routine if you were in a big hurry is	shower.
one thing you might cut out of your morning routine if you were in a big hurry is	doing dishes.
one thing you might cut out of your morning routine if you were in a big hurry is	coffee.
one thing you might cut out of your morning routine if you were in a big hurry is	exercise.
one part of a dolls body that might be movable is	head.
one part of a dolls body that might be movable is	arms.
one part of a dolls body that might be movable is	legs.
one part of a dolls body that might be movable is	hand.
one thing people look for when choosing a diamond is	the size.
one thing people look for when choosing a diamond is	the price.
one thing people look for when choosing a diamond is	if it's real.
one thing people look for when choosing a diamond is	quality.
one city where you would expect to pay a lot for a hotel is	new york city.
one city where you would expect to pay a lot for a hotel is	las vegas.
one city where you would expect to pay a lot for a hotel is	paris.
one city where you would expect to pay a lot for a hotel is	los angeles.
one thing you've come to realize you're too old to put up with is	kids.
one thing you've come to realize you're too old to put up with is	drama/gossip.
one thing you've come to realize you're too old to put up with is	dating.
one thing you've come to realize you're too old to put up with is	noise.
one thing you've come to realize you're too old to put up with is	nightlife.
one thing you'd find washed up on the beach is	sea shells.
one thing you'd find washed up on the beach is	whale.
one thing you'd find washed up on the beach is	msg in a bottle.
one thing you'd find washed up on the beach is	fish.
one thing you'd find washed up on the beach is	seaweed.
one thing you'd find washed up on the beach is	trash.
one thing moms are desperate for is	money.
one thing moms are desperate for is	sleep.
one thing moms are desperate for is	free time.
one thing moms are desperate for is	help.
one thing moms are desperate for is	quiet.
one thing that might be on a toothpick inside a fancy drink is	olive.
one thing that might be on a toothpick inside a fancy drink is	cherry.
one thing that might be on a toothpick inside a fancy drink is	umbrella.
one thing that might be on a toothpick inside a fancy drink is	lemon.
one thing that might be on a toothpick inside a fancy drink is	lime.
one thing in a hotel room that's smaller than usual is	fridge.
one thing in a hotel room that's smaller than usual is	tv.
one thing in a hotel room that's smaller than usual is	soap/shampoo.
one thing in a hotel room that's smaller than usual is	bathroom.
one thing in a hotel room that's smaller than usual is	shower.
one thing in a hotel room that's smaller than usual is	table.
one common gag gift at an "over the hill" birthday party is	cane.
one common gag gift at an "over the hill" birthday party is	diapers.
one common gag gift at an "over the hill" birthday party is	black balloons.
one common gag gift at an "over the hill" birthday party is	glasses.
one thing you take a deep breath before looking at is	blood/injury.
one thing you take a deep breath before looking at is	finances.
one thing you take a deep breath before looking at is	your weight.
one thing you take a deep breath before looking at is	grades.
one thing you take a deep breath before looking at is	scary movie.
one thing you wouldnt want your date to talk too much about is	past relationships.
one thing you wouldnt want your date to talk too much about is	intimacy.
one thing you wouldnt want your date to talk too much about is	him/herself.
one thing you wouldnt want your date to talk too much about is	monsy.
one thing you wouldnt want your date to talk too much about is	family.
one thing you wouldnt want your date to talk too much about is	work.
one occupation whose workers you hold to a higher driving standards that anyone else is	truck driver.
one occupation whose workers you hold to a higher driving standards that anyone else is	bus driver.
one occupation whose workers you hold to a higher driving standards that anyone else is	police officers.
one occupation whose workers you hold to a higher driving standards that anyone else is	taxi driver.
one occupation whose workers you hold to a higher driving standards that anyone else is	ambulance driver.
one occupation whose workers you hold to a higher driving standards that anyone else is	chaffeur.
one thing you'd see if you were trapped in a dungeon is	chains/bars.
one thing you'd see if you were trapped in a dungeon is	dragons.
one thing you'd see if you were trapped in a dungeon is	bones.
one thing you'd see if you were trapped in a dungeon is	bats.
one thing you'd see if you were trapped in a dungeon is	candles/darkness.
one thing you'd see if you were trapped in a dungeon is	rats/mice.
one recreational activity traditionally done in hot weather is	swimming.
one recreational activity traditionally done in hot weather is	basketball.
one recreational activity traditionally done in hot weather is	volleyball.
one recreational activity traditionally done in hot weather is	surfing.
one recreational activity traditionally done in hot weather is	boating.
one print youd find on a womans dress but not on a countrys flag is	floral.
one print youd find on a womans dress but not on a countrys flag is	plaid.
one print youd find on a womans dress but not on a countrys flag is	polka dots.
one print youd find on a womans dress but not on a countrys flag is	paisley.
one print youd find on a womans dress but not on a countrys flag is	leopard print.
one animal that can live in the cold is	polar bear.
one animal that can live in the cold is	penguin.
one animal that can live in the cold is	seal.
one animal that can live in the cold is	wolf.
one animal that can live in the cold is	walrus.
one thing a kid might not be allowed to go in a swimming pool without is	supervision.
one thing a kid might not be allowed to go in a swimming pool without is	life jacket.
one thing a kid might not be allowed to go in a swimming pool without is	swimsuit.
one thing a kid might not be allowed to go in a swimming pool without is	inner tube.
one thing a kid might not be allowed to go in a swimming pool without is	water wings.
one thing a kid might not be allowed to go in a swimming pool without is	swimming cap.
one product people use on their hair is	shampoo.
one product people use on their hair is	hair spray.
one product people use on their hair is	gel.
one product people use on their hair is	conditioner.
one product people use on their hair is	color.
one product people use on their hair is	oil sheen.
one game that involves the word king is	chess/checkers.
one game that involves the word king is	king kong.
one game that involves the word king is	king of the hill.
one game that involves the word king is	king's corner.
one prop used by tap dancers is	cane.
one prop used by tap dancers is	top hat.
one prop used by tap dancers is	baton.
one body part that often gets broken is	arm.
one body part that often gets broken is	leg.
one body part that often gets broken is	finger.
one body part that often gets broken is	neck.
one body part that often gets broken is	foot.
one body part that often gets broken is	ankle.
one thing you might do on a first date that ruins it is	pass gas.
one thing you might do on a first date that ruins it is	throw up/get sick.
one thing you might do on a first date that ruins it is	talk too much.
one thing you might do on a first date that ruins it is	go home together.
one thing you might do on a first date that ruins it is	get drunk.
one thing you might do on a first date that ruins it is	talk about ex.
one way you can tell one person is a doctor by just looking at them is	stethoscope.
one way you can tell one person is a doctor by just looking at them is	white coat.
one way you can tell one person is a doctor by just looking at them is	scrubs.
one way you can tell one person is a doctor by just looking at them is	id photo.
one thing a hobo does to pass his time while ridin the rails is	sleep.
one thing a hobo does to pass his time while ridin the rails is	sing.
one thing a hobo does to pass his time while ridin the rails is	drink alcohol.
one thing a hobo does to pass his time while ridin the rails is	eat.
one thing a hobo does to pass his time while ridin the rails is	talk.
one thing a hobo does to pass his time while ridin the rails is	read.
one patriotic song is	star spangled.
one patriotic song is	god bless america.
one patriotic song is	born in the usa.
one patriotic song is	amer the beautiful.
one patriotic song is	yankee doodle.
one place where they always keep you waiting is	doctor's office.
one place where they always keep you waiting is	department store.
one place where they always keep you waiting is	airport.
one place where they always keep you waiting is	dentist's office.
one place where they always keep you waiting is	restaurant.
one place where they always keep you waiting is	dmv.
one place where they always keep you waiting is	pharmacy.
one thing that might be lying on a teenagers floor is	clothes.
one thing that might be lying on a teenagers floor is	shoes.
one thing that might be lying on a teenagers floor is	books.
one thing that might be lying on a teenagers floor is	food.
one thing that might be lying on a teenagers floor is	magazines.
one thing that might be lying on a teenagers floor is	cd's.
one thing that might be lying on a teenagers floor is	trash.
one thing people in california might worry about is	earthquake.
one thing people in california might worry about is	fires.
one thing people in california might worry about is	crime.
one thing people in california might worry about is	mudslides.
one thing people in california might worry about is	having enough money.
one thing people in california might worry about is	sunburn.
one thing people in california might worry about is	smog.
the worst thing about going to the drive-in is	weather.
the worst thing about going to the drive-in is	waiting.
the worst thing about going to the drive-in is	can't hear.
the worst thing about going to the drive-in is	the bathroom.
one thing that a woman might wear in bright colors is	shirt.
one thing that a woman might wear in bright colors is	dress.
one thing that a woman might wear in bright colors is	shoes.
one thing that a woman might wear in bright colors is	hat.
one thing that a woman might wear in bright colors is	lipstick.
one thing that a woman might wear in bright colors is	swimsuit.
one food that you often burn your tongue while eating is	soup.
one food that you often burn your tongue while eating is	pizza.
one food that you often burn your tongue while eating is	chili.
one food that you often burn your tongue while eating is	lasagna/pasta.
one thing thats hard to do on a particularly hot summer day is	run.
one thing thats hard to do on a particularly hot summer day is	go in to work.
one thing thats hard to do on a particularly hot summer day is	yard work.
one thing thats hard to do on a particularly hot summer day is	sleep.
one thing thats hard to do on a particularly hot summer day is	breathe.
one vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it is	semi truck.
one vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it is	train.
one vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it is	motorcycle.
one vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it is	police car.
one vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it is	ice cream truck.
one vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it is	bus.
one vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it is	ambulance.
one athlete who's appeared on a wheaties box is	tiger woods.
one athlete who's appeared on a wheaties box is	michael jordan.
one athlete who's appeared on a wheaties box is	mary lou retton.
one athlete who's appeared on a wheaties box is	joe montana.
one occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning is	nurse.
one occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning is	paperboy.
one occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning is	doctor.
one occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning is	construction worker.
one occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning is	bus driver.
one occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning is	farmer.
one occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning is	baker.
one type of sauce that you'd never put on pasta is	apple sauce.
one type of sauce that you'd never put on pasta is	hot sauce.
one type of sauce that you'd never put on pasta is	ketchup.
one type of sauce that you'd never put on pasta is	bbq.
one type of sauce that you'd never put on pasta is	chocolate sauce.
one food people serve on a bed of rice is	chicken.
one food people serve on a bed of rice is	chow mein.
one food people serve on a bed of rice is	chop suey.
one food people serve on a bed of rice is	fish.
one food people serve on a bed of rice is	mu shu pork.
one food people serve on a bed of rice is	beans.
one thing you might chase if you were a dog is	cats.
one thing you might chase if you were a dog is	cars.
one thing you might chase if you were a dog is	other dogs.
one thing you might chase if you were a dog is	balls.
one thing you might chase if you were a dog is	bone.
one thing you might chase if you were a dog is	your tail.
one thing you might chase if you were a dog is	rabbit.
one thing that you could see on an alaskan cruise that you probably wouldn't see on a caribbean cruise is	iceberg.
one thing that you could see on an alaskan cruise that you probably wouldn't see on a caribbean cruise is	snow.
one thing that you could see on an alaskan cruise that you probably wouldn't see on a caribbean cruise is	polar bear.
one thing that you could see on an alaskan cruise that you probably wouldn't see on a caribbean cruise is	whale.
one thing that you could see on an alaskan cruise that you probably wouldn't see on a caribbean cruise is	seal.
one physical characteristic a store might look at when hiring a santa is	big belly.
one physical characteristic a store might look at when hiring a santa is	facial hair.
one physical characteristic a store might look at when hiring a santa is	age.
one physical characteristic a store might look at when hiring a santa is	jolly face.
one physical characteristic a store might look at when hiring a santa is	white hair.
one thing about which people always want to give you their opinion is	politics.
one thing about which people always want to give you their opinion is	dating/marriage.
one thing about which people always want to give you their opinion is	parenting.
one thing about which people always want to give you their opinion is	finances.
one thing about which people always want to give you their opinion is	religion.
one thing about which people always want to give you their opinion is	weight/appearance.
one fruit put in margaritas is	lime.
one fruit put in margaritas is	strawberries.
one fruit put in margaritas is	lemon.
one fruit put in margaritas is	pinapple.
one fruit put in margaritas is	peach.
one fruit put in margaritas is	papya.
one fruit put in margaritas is	tomatoes.
one occupation where people are paid to tell others what to do (more specific than boss) is	doctor.
one occupation where people are paid to tell others what to do (more specific than boss) is	lawyer.
one occupation where people are paid to tell others what to do (more specific than boss) is	fitness trainer.
one occupation where people are paid to tell others what to do (more specific than boss) is	accountant/broker.
one occupation where people are paid to tell others what to do (more specific than boss) is	teacher.
one holiday song with a fictional character is	rudolph.
one holiday song with a fictional character is	frosty the snowman.
one excuse one person might give to get ahead of you in the check out line is	in a hurry.
one excuse one person might give to get ahead of you in the check out line is	not feeling well.
one excuse one person might give to get ahead of you in the check out line is	late for work/ appt.
one excuse one person might give to get ahead of you in the check out line is	emergency.
one excuse one person might give to get ahead of you in the check out line is	few items.
one excuse one person might give to get ahead of you in the check out line is	kids with them.
one excuse one person might give to get ahead of you in the check out line is	need to use bathroom.
one phrase on a traffic sign that you could imagine seeing on your inlaws house is	stop.
one phrase on a traffic sign that you could imagine seeing on your inlaws house is	yeild/caution.
one phrase on a traffic sign that you could imagine seeing on your inlaws house is	bo not enter.
one phrase on a traffic sign that you could imagine seeing on your inlaws house is	no turns.
one phrase on a traffic sign that you could imagine seeing on your inlaws house is	one way.
one phrase on a traffic sign that you could imagine seeing on your inlaws house is	dead end.
one thing you want to know when you run into a friend you haven't seen in years is	married?.
one thing you want to know when you run into a friend you haven't seen in years is	how are you?.
one thing you want to know when you run into a friend you haven't seen in years is	your name again...?.
one thing you want to know when you run into a friend you haven't seen in years is	have kids?.
one thing you want to know when you run into a friend you haven't seen in years is	what do you do?.
one thing about wonder woman the average woman might envy is	body.
one thing about wonder woman the average woman might envy is	power.
one thing about wonder woman the average woman might envy is	strength.
one thing about wonder woman the average woman might envy is	looks.
one thing about wonder woman the average woman might envy is	invisible plane.
one thing youd hate to forget on a ski trip is	skis.
one thing youd hate to forget on a ski trip is	coat.
one thing youd hate to forget on a ski trip is	gloves.
one thing youd hate to forget on a ski trip is	boots.
one thing youd hate to forget on a ski trip is	hat.
one class that parents enroll their kids in before they turn 3 years old is	swimming.
one class that parents enroll their kids in before they turn 3 years old is	dance.
one class that parents enroll their kids in before they turn 3 years old is	art.
one class that parents enroll their kids in before they turn 3 years old is	gymnastics.
one class that parents enroll their kids in before they turn 3 years old is	music.
one place where the average person wouldnt last a day is	jail.
one place where the average person wouldnt last a day is	desert.
one place where the average person wouldnt last a day is	military.
one place where the average person wouldnt last a day is	frozen tundra.
one place where the average person wouldnt last a day is	outer space.
one person in your life that you'd be mortified to call by the wrong name is	partner.
one person in your life that you'd be mortified to call by the wrong name is	family.
one person in your life that you'd be mortified to call by the wrong name is	boss.
one person in your life that you'd be mortified to call by the wrong name is	teacher.
one thing your dog might do that would make you think he was part cat is	meow.
one thing your dog might do that would make you think he was part cat is	catch mice.
one thing your dog might do that would make you think he was part cat is	climb tree.
one thing your dog might do that would make you think he was part cat is	eat cat food.
one thing your dog might do that would make you think he was part cat is	purr.
one thing your dog might do that would make you think he was part cat is	scratching.
one household appliance you would actually enjoy receiving as a gift is	blender.
one household appliance you would actually enjoy receiving as a gift is	dish washer.
one household appliance you would actually enjoy receiving as a gift is	coffe maker.
one household appliance you would actually enjoy receiving as a gift is	tv.
one household appliance you would actually enjoy receiving as a gift is	microwave.
one household appliance you would actually enjoy receiving as a gift is	fridge.
one thing you need to check for if you're buying a dress used is	stains.
one thing you need to check for if you're buying a dress used is	fit.
one thing you need to check for if you're buying a dress used is	holes.
one thing you need to check for if you're buying a dress used is	price.
one thing you need to check for if you're buying a dress used is	missing buttons.
one thing you need to check for if you're buying a dress used is	broken zipper.
one thing some people jump out of is	airplane.
one thing some people jump out of is	bed.
one thing some people jump out of is	boat.
one thing some people jump out of is	cake.
one specific quality that would make your buddy a bad wing man is	very shy.
one specific quality that would make your buddy a bad wing man is	too handsome.
one specific quality that would make your buddy a bad wing man is	drinks too much.
one specific quality that would make your buddy a bad wing man is	bad hygeine.
one specific quality that would make your buddy a bad wing man is	smokes.
one thing you should probably book ahead of time if youre going on vacation is	hotel.
one thing you should probably book ahead of time if youre going on vacation is	flight.
one thing you should probably book ahead of time if youre going on vacation is	car.
one thing about yourself that you wish would stay the same as you age is	face/skin.
one thing about yourself that you wish would stay the same as you age is	weight.
one thing about yourself that you wish would stay the same as you age is	hair.
one thing about yourself that you wish would stay the same as you age is	health.
one thing about yourself that you wish would stay the same as you age is	personality.
one thing about yourself that you wish would stay the same as you age is	amount of energy.
one thing moms tell their children not to climb on is	furniture.
one thing moms tell their children not to climb on is	trees.
one thing moms tell their children not to climb on is	countertop.
one thing moms tell their children not to climb on is	ladders.
one thing moms tell their children not to climb on is	their parents.
one thing moms tell their children not to climb on is	roof.
one thing that causes you to have an upset stomach is	too much food.
one thing that causes you to have an upset stomach is	spicy food.
one thing that causes you to have an upset stomach is	spoiled food.
one thing that causes you to have an upset stomach is	pizza.
one thing that causes you to have an upset stomach is	greasy foods.
one thing that causes you to have an upset stomach is	stress.
one way you might know your neighbors are on vacation is	papers in driveway.
one way you might know your neighbors are on vacation is	cars are gone.
one way you might know your neighbors are on vacation is	they told you.
one way you might know your neighbors are on vacation is	don't pick up phone.
one way you might know your neighbors are on vacation is	mail pile up.
one way you might know your neighbors are on vacation is	lights off at night.
one thing that works better on a windy day is	kite.
one thing that works better on a windy day is	a windmill.
one thing that works better on a windy day is	sailboat.
one thing that works better on a windy day is	chimes.
one thing youre supposed to do with both hands but people often use just one is	drive.
one thing youre supposed to do with both hands but people often use just one is	eat.
one thing youre supposed to do with both hands but people often use just one is	type.
one thing youre supposed to do with both hands but people often use just one is	clap.
one thing youre supposed to do with both hands but people often use just one is	ride a bike.
one thing people burn in protest is	flags.
one thing people burn in protest is	bras.
one thing people burn in protest is	draft cards.
one thing people burn in protest is	signs.
one thing people burn in protest is	books.
one thing you expect to see in a martial arts movie is	fight scenes.
one thing you expect to see in a martial arts movie is	asian actors.
one thing you expect to see in a martial arts movie is	weapons.
one thing you expect to see in a martial arts movie is	subtitles/dubbing.
one thing you expect to see in a martial arts movie is	ninjas.
one thing you expect to see in a martial arts movie is	blood.
one famous animal from a comic strip is	garfield.
one famous animal from a comic strip is	snoopy.
one famous animal from a comic strip is	marmaduke.
one famous animal from a comic strip is	heathcliff.
one famous animal from a comic strip is	hobbes.
one thing your teen likes to wear but you hope hell leave home on picture day is	baseball cap.
one thing your teen likes to wear but you hope hell leave home on picture day is	piercing.
one thing your teen likes to wear but you hope hell leave home on picture day is	makeup.
one thing your teen likes to wear but you hope hell leave home on picture day is	sunglasses.
one place you would't want to be alone at night is	alley.
one place you would't want to be alone at night is	graveyard.
one place you would't want to be alone at night is	woods.
one place you would't want to be alone at night is	park.
one place you would't want to be alone at night is	home.
one specific fruit you have to cut open to eat is	watermelon.
one specific fruit you have to cut open to eat is	cantaloupe.
one specific fruit you have to cut open to eat is	orange.
one specific fruit you have to cut open to eat is	grapefruit.
one specific fruit you have to cut open to eat is	pinapple.
one specific fruit you have to cut open to eat is	banana.
one specific fruit you have to cut open to eat is	coconuts.
one thing many people learned to do from their dad is	drive.
one thing many people learned to do from their dad is	fish/hunt.
one thing many people learned to do from their dad is	shave.
one thing many people learned to do from their dad is	ride bike.
one thing many people learned to do from their dad is	curse.
one thing many people learned to do from their dad is	fix things.
one profession that would be most difficult to perform while 8 months pregnant is	dancer.
one profession that would be most difficult to perform while 8 months pregnant is	police officer.
one profession that would be most difficult to perform while 8 months pregnant is	doctor/nurse.
one profession that would be most difficult to perform while 8 months pregnant is	waitress.
one profession that would be most difficult to perform while 8 months pregnant is	athlete.
one profession that would be most difficult to perform while 8 months pregnant is	fitness instructor.
one child actor who is still acting or working in hollywood as an adult is	drew barrymore.
one child actor who is still acting or working in hollywood as an adult is	jodie foster.
one child actor who is still acting or working in hollywood as an adult is	raven symone.
one child actor who is still acting or working in hollywood as an adult is	ron howard.
one child actor who is still acting or working in hollywood as an adult is	laurence fishburne.
one child actor who is still acting or working in hollywood as an adult is	olsen twins.
one type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli is	wheat.
one type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli is	rye.
one type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli is	sourdough.
one type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli is	french roll.
one type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli is	white bread.
one type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli is	onion roll.
one type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli is	pumpernickel.
one thing you'd learn to do in your first swim class is	float.
one thing you'd learn to do in your first swim class is	hold breath.
one thing you'd learn to do in your first swim class is	doggy paddle.
one thing you'd learn to do in your first swim class is	blow bubbles.
one thing you'd learn to do in your first swim class is	head under water.
one thing people daydream about is	money.
one thing people daydream about is	making love.
one thing people daydream about is	vacation/travel.
one thing people daydream about is	new house.
one thing people daydream about is	love/marriage.
one thing people daydream about is	new car.
one pubic place where you take off your shoes is	beach/park.
one pubic place where you take off your shoes is	pool.
one pubic place where you take off your shoes is	shoe store.
one pubic place where you take off your shoes is	gym.
one pubic place where you take off your shoes is	place of worship.
one pubic place where you take off your shoes is	bowling alley.
one thing thats hard to build but easy to tear down is	house of cards.
one thing thats hard to build but easy to tear down is	building.
one thing thats hard to build but easy to tear down is	sandle castle.
one thing thats hard to build but easy to tear down is	trust.
one thing that begins with the word "dirty" is	laundry.
one thing that begins with the word "dirty" is	dancing.
one thing that begins with the word "dirty" is	mouth/language.
one thing that begins with the word "dirty" is	harry.
one thing that begins with the word "dirty" is	job.
one thing that begins with the word "dirty" is	mind.
one thing politicians always say theyll improve is	tax system.
one thing politicians always say theyll improve is	budget deficit.
one thing politicians always say theyll improve is	health care.
one thing politicians always say theyll improve is	schools.
one thing politicians always say theyll improve is	war.
one thing politicians always say theyll improve is	welfare.
one thing politicians always say theyll improve is	roads.
one thing flirtatious that a man shouldnt do while at work is	wink.
one thing flirtatious that a man shouldnt do while at work is	blow kisses.
one thing flirtatious that a man shouldnt do while at work is	hug.
one thing flirtatious that a man shouldnt do while at work is	whistle at someone.
the person who you most try to avoid having an argument with is	partner.
the person who you most try to avoid having an argument with is	parent.
the person who you most try to avoid having an argument with is	boss.
the person who you most try to avoid having an argument with is	child.
one thing people supposedly do differently than animals is	eat.
one thing people supposedly do differently than animals is	walk.
one thing people supposedly do differently than animals is	communicate.
one thing people supposedly do differently than animals is	think.
one thing people supposedly do differently than animals is	keep clean.
one thing you close at nighttime is	bedroom doors.
one thing you close at nighttime is	eyes.
one thing you close at nighttime is	window.
one thing you close at nighttime is	curtains.
one reason why you might not participate in take-your-child-to-work day is	no kids.
one reason why you might not participate in take-your-child-to-work day is	job's not suitable.
one reason why you might not participate in take-your-child-to-work day is	no job.
one reason why you might not participate in take-your-child-to-work day is	naughty kid.
one reason why you might not participate in take-your-child-to-work day is	too busy at work.
one reason why you might not participate in take-your-child-to-work day is	boring job.
one thing a woman might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy is	sleeping.
one thing a woman might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy is	tying shoes/ bending.
one thing a woman might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy is	walking.
one thing a woman might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy is	eating.
one safety device that older cars didnt have is	air bags.
one safety device that older cars didnt have is	seat belts.
one safety device that older cars didnt have is	anti lock break.
one safety device that older cars didnt have is	child locks.
one fruit that people drink juice from in the morning is	orange.
one fruit that people drink juice from in the morning is	apple.
one fruit that people drink juice from in the morning is	lemon.
one fruit that people drink juice from in the morning is	cranberry.
one fruit that people drink juice from in the morning is	tomato.
one fruit that people drink juice from in the morning is	grapefruit.
one thing you hope your friend doesn't do when house sitting for you is	party.
one thing you hope your friend doesn't do when house sitting for you is	steal.
one thing you hope your friend doesn't do when house sitting for you is	use my clothes.
one thing you hope your friend doesn't do when house sitting for you is	make a mess.
one thing you hope your friend doesn't do when house sitting for you is	smoke.
the best kind of music to dance to with one person you want to be close to is	slow.
the best kind of music to dance to with one person you want to be close to is	waltz.
the best kind of music to dance to with one person you want to be close to is	jazz.
the best kind of music to dance to with one person you want to be close to is	country.
one thing you'd put on your table when having a dinner party is	candles.
one thing you'd put on your table when having a dinner party is	centerpiece/flowers.
one thing you'd put on your table when having a dinner party is	tablecloth.
one thing you'd put on your table when having a dinner party is	food.
one thing you'd put on your table when having a dinner party is	dishes.
one thing you'd put on your table when having a dinner party is	napkins.
one thing everybody knows about dr seuss is	green eggs and ham.
one thing everybody knows about dr seuss is	rhymes.
one thing everybody knows about dr seuss is	cat in the hat.
one thing everybody knows about dr seuss is	not a doctor.
one thing you know about the easter bunny is	carries eggs.
one thing you know about the easter bunny is	hops.
one thing you know about the easter bunny is	some don't believe.
one thing you know about the easter bunny is	white.
one thing you know about the easter bunny is	brings candy.
one holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway is	pie.
one holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway is	turkey.
one holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway is	cake.
one holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway is	cookies.
one holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway is	fruitcake.
one holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway is	ham.
one holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway is	candy.
one animal that would be an appropriate mascot for a team of marathon runners is	cheeta/cat.
one animal that would be an appropriate mascot for a team of marathon runners is	road runner.
one animal that would be an appropriate mascot for a team of marathon runners is	rabbit.
one animal that would be an appropriate mascot for a team of marathon runners is	gizelle.
one animal that would be an appropriate mascot for a team of marathon runners is	greyhound.
one animal that would be an appropriate mascot for a team of marathon runners is	horse.
one thing that you would be willing to pay twice as much for at a convenience store because you need it quickly is	milk.
one thing that you would be willing to pay twice as much for at a convenience store because you need it quickly is	cigarettes.
one thing that you would be willing to pay twice as much for at a convenience store because you need it quickly is	painkiller.
one thing that you would be willing to pay twice as much for at a convenience store because you need it quickly is	feminine products.
one thing that you would be willing to pay twice as much for at a convenience store because you need it quickly is	chocolate.
one job many husbands pretend they don't know how to do, just to get out of doing it is	laundry.
one job many husbands pretend they don't know how to do, just to get out of doing it is	dishes.
one job many husbands pretend they don't know how to do, just to get out of doing it is	cooking.
one job many husbands pretend they don't know how to do, just to get out of doing it is	fixing car.
one job many husbands pretend they don't know how to do, just to get out of doing it is	mowing lawn.
one job many husbands pretend they don't know how to do, just to get out of doing it is	fixing toilet.
one animal with a long tail is	monkey.
one animal with a long tail is	dog.
one animal with a long tail is	cat.
one animal with a long tail is	horse.
one animal with a long tail is	tiger.
one animal with a long tail is	kangaroo.
one thing you might do on a date in the park is	kiss.
one thing you might do on a date in the park is	picnic.
one thing you might do on a date in the park is	walk.
one thing you might do on a date in the park is	hold hands.
one thing you might do on a date in the park is	use playground.
one thing a kid might want help doing on a snowy day is	shoveling.
one thing a kid might want help doing on a snowy day is	building a snowman.
one thing a kid might want help doing on a snowy day is	walking.
one thing a kid might want help doing on a snowy day is	bundling up.
one thing you dread having done while at your dentist appointment is	filling.
one thing you dread having done while at your dentist appointment is	root canal.
one thing you dread having done while at your dentist appointment is	teeth pulled.
one thing you dread having done while at your dentist appointment is	teeth cleaned.
one thing you dread having done while at your dentist appointment is	teeth flossed.
one thing you dread having done while at your dentist appointment is	shot.
one thing a couple might worry about having less of once they have children is	money.
one thing a couple might worry about having less of once they have children is	intimacy.
one thing a couple might worry about having less of once they have children is	time.
one thing a couple might worry about having less of once they have children is	privacy.
one thing a couple might worry about having less of once they have children is	partners love.
one thing you hate to see ahead of you while riding a roller coaster is	steep drop.
one thing you hate to see ahead of you while riding a roller coaster is	loop.
one thing you hate to see ahead of you while riding a roller coaster is	incline.
one thing you hate to see ahead of you while riding a roller coaster is	water.
one appetizer you might find served at a bar is	peanuts.
one appetizer you might find served at a bar is	chicken wings.
one appetizer you might find served at a bar is	pretzels.
one appetizer you might find served at a bar is	popcorn.
one appetizer you might find served at a bar is	nachos.
one computer program or skill that you wish you were better at is	typing.
one computer program or skill that you wish you were better at is	excel.
one computer program or skill that you wish you were better at is	word processor.
one computer program or skill that you wish you were better at is	surfing the net.
one computer program or skill that you wish you were better at is	programming.
one computer program or skill that you wish you were better at is	power point.
one occasion for which men buy gifts for their wives is	anniversary.
one occasion for which men buy gifts for their wives is	birthday.
one occasion for which men buy gifts for their wives is	valentine's day.
one occasion for which men buy gifts for their wives is	christmas.
one occasion for which men buy gifts for their wives is	wedding.
one piece of information that post people list in their personal's ads is	age.
one piece of information that post people list in their personal's ads is	name.
one piece of information that post people list in their personal's ads is	phone number.
one piece of information that post people list in their personal's ads is	sex.
one piece of information that post people list in their personal's ads is	status.
one piece of information that post people list in their personal's ads is	height.
one place where it might be romantic to get stranded with your partner is	island/beach.
one place where it might be romantic to get stranded with your partner is	park.
one place where it might be romantic to get stranded with your partner is	cabin/lodge.
one thing thats forbidden in most swimming pools is	peeing.
one thing thats forbidden in most swimming pools is	diving.
one thing thats forbidden in most swimming pools is	street clothes.
one thing thats forbidden in most swimming pools is	nudity.
one thing thats forbidden in most swimming pools is	eating.
one thing thats forbidden in most swimming pools is	rafts.
one type of reservation that often gets lost is	hotel.
one type of reservation that often gets lost is	dinner.
one type of reservation that often gets lost is	plane.
one type of reservation that often gets lost is	car rental.
one thing you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there is	price.
one thing you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there is	pool.
one thing you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there is	location.
one thing you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there is	star rating.
one thing you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there is	includes breakfast?.
one thing you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there is	clean?.
one thing you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there is	vacancy.
one thing you'd find on the cover of a novel is	author.
one thing you'd find on the cover of a novel is	title.
one specific task restaurant staff does for you that youd be surprised to get charged extra for is	bring water.
one specific task restaurant staff does for you that youd be surprised to get charged extra for is	refill glasses.
one specific task restaurant staff does for you that youd be surprised to get charged extra for is	serve food.
one specific task restaurant staff does for you that youd be surprised to get charged extra for is	clear table.
one specific task restaurant staff does for you that youd be surprised to get charged extra for is	dishes.
one sign you might see posted in a restaurant is	no smoking.
one sign you might see posted in a restaurant is	restrooms.
one sign you might see posted in a restaurant is	wait to be seated.
one sign you might see posted in a restaurant is	no shirt no service.
one sign you might see posted in a restaurant is	not resp. for items.
one profession where youd have to smile a lot is	model.
one profession where youd have to smile a lot is	salesperson.
one profession where youd have to smile a lot is	flight attendant.
one profession where youd have to smile a lot is	receptionist.
one profession where youd have to smile a lot is	news reporter.
one profession where youd have to smile a lot is	photographer.
one profession where youd have to smile a lot is	host.
one creature that eats bugs is	frog.
one creature that eats bugs is	spider.
one creature that eats bugs is	anteater.
one creature that eats bugs is	birt.
one creature that eats bugs is	lizzard.
one creature that eats bugs is	bat.
one gift a child may give to a teacher for the holidays is	apple.
one gift a child may give to a teacher for the holidays is	mug.
one place where kids go after school is	home.
one place where kids go after school is	park.
one place where kids go after school is	childcare.
one place where kids go after school is	mall.
one place where kids go after school is	friend's house.
one place where kids go after school is	library.
one thing a college student would write down on a calendar is	exam/due dates.
one thing a college student would write down on a calendar is	days off.
one thing a college student would write down on a calendar is	graduation.
one thing a college student would write down on a calendar is	parties.
one thing a college student would write down on a calendar is	a date.
one thing a college student would write down on a calendar is	class schedule.
one job where you'd need great vision is	pilot.
one job where you'd need great vision is	doctor.
one job where you'd need great vision is	driver.
one job where you'd need great vision is	umpire.
one job where you'd need great vision is	police officer.
one member of the celebrity elite who is famous for no apparent reason is	paris hilton.
one member of the celebrity elite who is famous for no apparent reason is	nichole richie.
one thing you do to get rid of a song thats stuck in your head is	sing/hum it through.
one thing you do to get rid of a song thats stuck in your head is	think of other songs.
one thing you do to get rid of a song thats stuck in your head is	go to sleep.
one thing you do to get rid of a song thats stuck in your head is	have a conversation.
one movie or tv show about gangsters is	sapronas.
one movie or tv show about gangsters is	godfather.
one movie or tv show about gangsters is	untouchables.
one movie or tv show about gangsters is	public enemy.
one movie or tv show about gangsters is	scarface.
one movie or tv show about gangsters is	goodfellows.
one thing you say at the end of a date, even if you don't mean it is	i love you.
one thing you say at the end of a date, even if you don't mean it is	i had a good time.
one thing you say at the end of a date, even if you don't mean it is	i'll call you.
one thing you say at the end of a date, even if you don't mean it is	thank you.
one reason you wouldn't recognize one person at your high school reunion is	weight gain/loss.
one reason you wouldn't recognize one person at your high school reunion is	bald.
one reason you wouldn't recognize one person at your high school reunion is	older.
one reason you wouldn't recognize one person at your high school reunion is	plastic surgery.
one thing a germophobe would refuse to do on a date is	kiss.
one thing a germophobe would refuse to do on a date is	hold hands.
one thing a germophobe would refuse to do on a date is	shake hands.
one thing a germophobe would refuse to do on a date is	share a drink.
one thing a germophobe would refuse to do on a date is	hug.
the most used piece of furniture in a house is	couch.
the most used piece of furniture in a house is	bed.
the most used piece of furniture in a house is	arm chair.
one sport that people bet on is	football.
one sport that people bet on is	horse racing.
one sport that people bet on is	boxing.
one sport that people bet on is	basketball.
one specific meat that would be hardest to eat if you didnt have a knife is	steak.
one specific meat that would be hardest to eat if you didnt have a knife is	ribs.
one specific meat that would be hardest to eat if you didnt have a knife is	ham/pork.
one specific meat that would be hardest to eat if you didnt have a knife is	chicken.
one thing that's expensive even when it's in used condition is	car.
one thing that's expensive even when it's in used condition is	house.
one thing that's expensive even when it's in used condition is	tv.
one thing that's expensive even when it's in used condition is	jewelry.
one thing that's expensive even when it's in used condition is	computer.
one thing that's expensive even when it's in used condition is	name brand clothes.
one thing you probably would see in new yorks central park is	benches.
one thing you probably would see in new yorks central park is	joggers.
one thing you probably would see in new yorks central park is	muggers.
one thing you probably would see in new yorks central park is	pigeons.
one thing you probably would see in new yorks central park is	people.
one thing you probably would see in new yorks central park is	trees.
one thing you probably would see in new yorks central park is	homeless people.
one thing you do after returning home from a long vacation is	sleep.
one thing you do after returning home from a long vacation is	unpack.
one thing you do after returning home from a long vacation is	eating sweets.
one thing you do after returning home from a long vacation is	laundry.
one thing you do after returning home from a long vacation is	shower.
one thing you do after returning home from a long vacation is	check mail.
one food you find raisins in is	cold cereal.
one food you find raisins in is	cookies.
one food you find raisins in is	poatmeal.
one food you find raisins in is	salad.
one food you find raisins in is	bread.
one food you find raisins in is	bagels.
one thing people do while riding a rollercoaster is	scream.
one thing people do while riding a rollercoaster is	raise arms.
one thing people do while riding a rollercoaster is	get sick.
one thing people do while riding a rollercoaster is	laugh.
one thing people do while riding a rollercoaster is	close their eyes.
one person who owes you a big apology is	friend.
one person who owes you a big apology is	romantic interest.
one person who owes you a big apology is	ex.
one person who owes you a big apology is	sibling.
one person who owes you a big apology is	child.
one person who owes you a big apology is	parent.
one thing a kid passes out to all of his classmates is	sweets.
one thing a kid passes out to all of his classmates is	valentines.
one thing a kid passes out to all of his classmates is	notes.
one thing a kid passes out to all of his classmates is	schoolwork.
one thing a kid passes out to all of his classmates is	germs.
one thing a kid passes out to all of his classmates is	invitations.
one gift that would be romantic to get from your husband, but creepy to get from your father-in_law is	lingerie.
one gift that would be romantic to get from your husband, but creepy to get from your father-in_law is	flowers.
one gift that would be romantic to get from your husband, but creepy to get from your father-in_law is	jewelry.
one gift that would be romantic to get from your husband, but creepy to get from your father-in_law is	chocolates.
one type of wave that you can't ride on is	tidal.
one type of wave that you can't ride on is	hand.
one type of wave that you can't ride on is	sound.
one type of wave that you can't ride on is	radio.
one type of wave that you can't ride on is	heat.
one thing people do on spring break, but not on an ordinary vacation is	party.
one thing people do on spring break, but not on an ordinary vacation is	drink.
one thing people do on spring break, but not on an ordinary vacation is	go naked.
one thing people do on spring break, but not on an ordinary vacation is	sleep all day.
one thing an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby is	rock them.
one thing an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby is	pat back.
one thing an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby is	sing lullaby.
one thing an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby is	feed.
one thing an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby is	hug/cuddle.
one thing an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby is	bounce them.
one thing an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby is	change diaper.
one thing a person who dislikes technology might not have is	computer.
one thing a person who dislikes technology might not have is	cell phone.
one thing a person who dislikes technology might not have is	tv.
one thing a person who dislikes technology might not have is	microwave.
one thing you can build with snow is	snowman.
one thing you can build with snow is	igloo.
one thing you can build with snow is	snow fort.
one thing you can build with snow is	snowball.
one thing on a kids' playground that adults could use as exercise equipment is	monkey bars.
one thing on a kids' playground that adults could use as exercise equipment is	swing.
one thing on a kids' playground that adults could use as exercise equipment is	see saw.
one thing on a kids' playground that adults could use as exercise equipment is	chinup bar.
one animal that might live in a tree is	monkey.
one animal that might live in a tree is	bird.
one animal that might live in a tree is	sqirrel.
one animal that might live in a tree is	koala.
one thing that begins with the word "great" is	great expectations.
one thing that begins with the word "great" is	great dane.
one thing that begins with the word "great" is	great wall of china.
one thing that begins with the word "great" is	great day.
one thing that begins with the word "great" is	great grandparents.
one thing that begins with the word "great" is	great buy.
one thing that begins with the word "great" is	great scott.
one thing kids like to throw at each other is	ball.
one thing kids like to throw at each other is	food.
one mountain range known for skiing is	rockies.
one mountain range known for skiing is	swiss alps.
one mountain range known for skiing is	sierras.
one mountain range known for skiing is	appalachian.
one mountain range known for skiing is	himilaysa.
one thing you really only need one of, but most households have more is	tv.
one thing you really only need one of, but most households have more is	car.
one thing you really only need one of, but most households have more is	pets.
one thing you really only need one of, but most households have more is	phone.
one thing you really only need one of, but most households have more is	bathroom.
one thing you really only need one of, but most households have more is	property/house.
one thing that's supposed to be funny, but rarely is is	jokes.
one thing that's supposed to be funny, but rarely is is	clown.
one thing that's supposed to be funny, but rarely is is	movies.
one thing that's supposed to be funny, but rarely is is	comedian.
one food or drink youd buy if you were having a super bowl party is	beer.
one food or drink youd buy if you were having a super bowl party is	chips.
one food or drink youd buy if you were having a super bowl party is	popcorn.
one food or drink youd buy if you were having a super bowl party is	pizza.
one food or drink youd buy if you were having a super bowl party is	soda.
one food or drink youd buy if you were having a super bowl party is	wings.
one thing that people often write on the back of postcards is	name.
one thing that people often write on the back of postcards is	address.
one thing that people often write on the back of postcards is	with love.
one thing that people often write on the back of postcards is	miss you.
one thing that people often write on the back of postcards is	hi/hello.
one reason why you might use candles is	electricity went out.
one reason why you might use candles is	romance.
one reason why you might use candles is	lightbulb burned out.
one reason why you might use candles is	birthday cake.
one reason why you'd get a blindfold is	surprise party.
one reason why you'd get a blindfold is	pin tail on donkey.
one reason why you'd get a blindfold is	kidnapped.
one reason why you'd get a blindfold is	pinata.
one thing you might do with your days off around christmas is	shop.
one thing you might do with your days off around christmas is	sleep.
one thing you might do with your days off around christmas is	vacation.
one thing you might do with your days off around christmas is	cook.
one thing you might do with your days off around christmas is	decorate.
one reason a person might prefer to walk on a treadmill instead of taking a walk outside is	weather.
one reason a person might prefer to walk on a treadmill instead of taking a walk outside is	safer.
one reason a person might prefer to walk on a treadmill instead of taking a walk outside is	watch tv.
one reason a person might prefer to walk on a treadmill instead of taking a walk outside is	privacy.
one type of tree that looks pretty in the fall is	oak.
one type of tree that looks pretty in the fall is	maple.
one type of tree that looks pretty in the fall is	pine.
one type of tree that looks pretty in the fall is	apple.
one type of tree that looks pretty in the fall is	evergreen.
one type of tree that looks pretty in the fall is	spruce.
one type of tree that looks pretty in the fall is	elm.
one thing on tv that causes people to yell at their screens is	ball game.
one thing on tv that causes people to yell at their screens is	commercials.
one thing on tv that causes people to yell at their screens is	boxing match.
one thing on tv that causes people to yell at their screens is	news.
one thing on tv that causes people to yell at their screens is	politics.
one thing on tv that causes people to yell at their screens is	horror movie.
one thing on tv that causes people to yell at their screens is	game show.
one thing your partner might do first thing in the morning that wakes you up is	shower.
one thing your partner might do first thing in the morning that wakes you up is	kiss me.
one thing your partner might do first thing in the morning that wakes you up is	brush teeth.
one thing your partner might do first thing in the morning that wakes you up is	ignore alarm.
one thing your partner might do first thing in the morning that wakes you up is	turn on light.
one thing a lot of movie stars have more than one of is	cars.
one thing a lot of movie stars have more than one of is	houses.
one thing a lot of movie stars have more than one of is	spouses.
one thing a lot of movie stars have more than one of is	affairs.
one thing a lot of movie stars have more than one of is	kids.
one thing that you don't want your dog to lick (more specific than "you") is	your face.
one thing that you don't want your dog to lick (more specific than "you") is	it's rear end.
one thing that you don't want your dog to lick (more specific than "you") is	your food.
one thing that you don't want your dog to lick (more specific than "you") is	your feet.
one thing a house needs in order to be considered a mansion is	lots of rooms.
one thing a house needs in order to be considered a mansion is	pool.
one thing a house needs in order to be considered a mansion is	staff.
one thing a house needs in order to be considered a mansion is	elevator.
one thing a house needs in order to be considered a mansion is	gate.
the month with the nicest weather is	may.
the month with the nicest weather is	june.
the month with the nicest weather is	april.
the month with the nicest weather is	july.
the month with the nicest weather is	october.
the month with the nicest weather is	september.
the month with the nicest weather is	march.
one thing people might stock up on before a huge snowstorm is	non perishable food.
one thing people might stock up on before a huge snowstorm is	water.
one thing people might stock up on before a huge snowstorm is	batteries.
one thing people might stock up on before a huge snowstorm is	firewood.
one thing you buy in a larger size if you have a large family is	groceries.
one thing you buy in a larger size if you have a large family is	toilet papaer.
one thing you buy in a larger size if you have a large family is	car.
one thing you buy in a larger size if you have a large family is	house.
one thing you buy in a larger size if you have a large family is	couch.
the vegetable that tastes the worst when it comes from a can is	peas.
the vegetable that tastes the worst when it comes from a can is	spinach.
the vegetable that tastes the worst when it comes from a can is	carrots.
the vegetable that tastes the worst when it comes from a can is	corn.
the vegetable that tastes the worst when it comes from a can is	green beans.
the vegetable that tastes the worst when it comes from a can is	asparagus.
one thing you find in a little boys pocket is	rocks.
one thing you find in a little boys pocket is	marbles.
one thing you find in a little boys pocket is	frog.
one thing you find in a little boys pocket is	dirt.
one thing you find in a little boys pocket is	worms.
one thing you find in a little boys pocket is	candy.
one thing you find in a little boys pocket is	toy car.
one cartoon pet that's smarter than its owner is	garfield.
one cartoon pet that's smarter than its owner is	snoopy.
one cartoon pet that's smarter than its owner is	dino.
one cartoon pet that's smarter than its owner is	scooby doo.
one place in the house where only a real tv-lover would put a television is	bathroom.
one place in the house where only a real tv-lover would put a television is	bedroom.
one place in the house where only a real tv-lover would put a television is	kitchen.
one place in the house where only a real tv-lover would put a television is	garage.
one thing you can use to get your car out of the snow is	shovel.
one thing you can use to get your car out of the snow is	tow truck.
one thing you can use to get your car out of the snow is	chains.
one thing you can use to get your car out of the snow is	salt.
one thing you can use to get your car out of the snow is	sand.
one thing you can use to get your car out of the snow is	cat litter.
one thing you can use to get your car out of the snow is	plow.
one thing some people blast the volume on is	stereo.
one thing some people blast the volume on is	tv.
one thing some people blast the volume on is	headset.
one thing some people blast the volume on is	computer.
one thing a boy scout wouldnt need to start a fire but you do is	matches.
one thing a boy scout wouldnt need to start a fire but you do is	lighter.
one thing a boy scout wouldnt need to start a fire but you do is	gasoline.
one thing a boy scout wouldnt need to start a fire but you do is	kindling.
one thing a boy scout wouldnt need to start a fire but you do is	newspaper.
one thing a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common is	pretty.
one thing a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common is	graceful.
one thing a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common is	skinny.
one thing a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common is	costumes.
one thing a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common is	makeup.
one thing a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common is	in shape.
one thing a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common is	talent.
one excuse people give for not seeing their dentist is	cost/no insurance.
one excuse people give for not seeing their dentist is	scared.
one excuse people give for not seeing their dentist is	pain.
one excuse people give for not seeing their dentist is	can't get off work.
one excuse people give for not seeing their dentist is	sick.
one excuse people give for not seeing their dentist is	no time.
one excuse people give for not seeing their dentist is	no bad teeth.
one thing that might cause a real life family feud among neighbors is	noise.
one thing that might cause a real life family feud among neighbors is	money/property.
one thing that might cause a real life family feud among neighbors is	dogs/pets.
one thing that might cause a real life family feud among neighbors is	naughty kids.
one thing that might cause a real life family feud among neighbors is	unkempt yard.
one place it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids is	park/playground.
one place it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids is	chuck e cheese.
one place it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids is	zoo.
one place it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids is	school/daycare.
one place it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids is	disney/amusement park.
one event that most people look forward to each week is	weekend.
one event that most people look forward to each week is	football game.
one event that most people look forward to each week is	payday.
one event that most people look forward to each week is	place of worship.
one item that usually comes with a lot of packaging in the box is	glass/dishes.
one item that usually comes with a lot of packaging in the box is	tv.
one item that usually comes with a lot of packaging in the box is	computer.
one item that usually comes with a lot of packaging in the box is	toys.
one item that usually comes with a lot of packaging in the box is	stereo.
one thing both men and women use to keep their hair in place is	hairspray.
one thing both men and women use to keep their hair in place is	gel.
one thing both men and women use to keep their hair in place is	mousse.
one thing both men and women use to keep their hair in place is	rubber band.
one thing both men and women use to keep their hair in place is	comb.
one thing both men and women use to keep their hair in place is	brush.
one thing you might accidentally leave in a department store fitting room is	purse.
one thing you might accidentally leave in a department store fitting room is	clothes.
one thing you might accidentally leave in a department store fitting room is	hat.
one thing you might accidentally leave in a department store fitting room is	keys.
one thing you might accidentally leave in a department store fitting room is	hangers.
one thing you might accidentally leave in a department store fitting room is	shopping bags.
one thing a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do is	go out.
one thing a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do is	clean.
one thing a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do is	be intimate.
one thing a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do is	cook.
one thing a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do is	talk.
one thing a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do is	shop.
one thing a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do is	cuddle.
one thing tarzan might do that could get him thrown out of a nice restaurant is	scream.
one thing tarzan might do that could get him thrown out of a nice restaurant is	swing from ceiling.
one thing tarzan might do that could get him thrown out of a nice restaurant is	eat with fingers.
one thing tarzan might do that could get him thrown out of a nice restaurant is	wear a loin cloth.
one thing tarzan might do that could get him thrown out of a nice restaurant is	grunt.
one thing tarzan might do that could get him thrown out of a nice restaurant is	stand on the table.
one thing that is folded is	clothes.
one thing that is folded is	napkin.
one thing that is folded is	origami/paper.
one thing that is folded is	towels.
one thing that is folded is	sheet.
one thing that is folded is	newspaper.
one thing that is folded is	blanket.
the room in your house that's used the least is	living room.
the room in your house that's used the least is	dining room.
the room in your house that's used the least is	extra bedroom.
the room in your house that's used the least is	attic.
the room in your house that's used the least is	bedroom.
the room in your house that's used the least is	storage room.
the room in your house that's used the least is	den.
the worst thing to criticize your mother-in-law for is	her cooking.
the worst thing to criticize your mother-in-law for is	her parenting.
the worst thing to criticize your mother-in-law for is	her appearance.
the worst thing to criticize your mother-in-law for is	her housekeeping.
one thing most families talk about when they get together is	work.
one thing most families talk about when they get together is	family members.
one thing most families talk about when they get together is	school.
one thing most families talk about when they get together is	old times.
one thing most families talk about when they get together is	food.
one thing an employee might be scolded about that isn't directly related to job performance is	attire.
one thing an employee might be scolded about that isn't directly related to job performance is	lateness.
one thing an employee might be scolded about that isn't directly related to job performance is	personal calls.
one thing an employee might be scolded about that isn't directly related to job performance is	office gossip.
one thing an employee might be scolded about that isn't directly related to job performance is	attitude/behavior.
one thing an employee might be scolded about that isn't directly related to job performance is	hygiene.
one place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones is	movie theater.
one place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones is	place of worship.
one place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones is	restaurant.
one place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones is	car.
one place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones is	library.
one place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones is	at work.
one place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones is	in the bathroom.
one thing that happens to an old persons body that youd be surprised to hear a teen complaining about is	wrinkles.
one thing that happens to an old persons body that youd be surprised to hear a teen complaining about is	arthritis.
one thing that happens to an old persons body that youd be surprised to hear a teen complaining about is	gray hair.
one thing that happens to an old persons body that youd be surprised to hear a teen complaining about is	sagging.
one thing that happens to an old persons body that youd be surprised to hear a teen complaining about is	back ache.
somebody so rich that their  is synonymous with wealth is	trump.
somebody so rich that their  is synonymous with wealth is	gates.
somebody so rich that their  is synonymous with wealth is	hilton.
somebody so rich that their  is synonymous with wealth is	rockefeller.
one form of technology that some people refuse to use is	computer.
one form of technology that some people refuse to use is	cell phone.
one form of technology that some people refuse to use is	tv.
one form of technology that some people refuse to use is	microwave.
one form of technology that some people refuse to use is	car.
one form of technology that some people refuse to use is	gps.
one thing malls do to get shoppers in the christmas spirit is	decorate.
one thing malls do to get shoppers in the christmas spirit is	holiday music.
one thing malls do to get shoppers in the christmas spirit is	holiday sales.
one thing malls do to get shoppers in the christmas spirit is	bring in santa.
one thing a craft lover would have a lot of is	glue.
one thing a craft lover would have a lot of is	yarn.
one thing a craft lover would have a lot of is	construction paper.
one thing a craft lover would have a lot of is	paint.
one thing a craft lover would have a lot of is	beads.
one thing a craft lover would have a lot of is	fabric.
one place where you dont want front row seats is	movie theater.
one place where you dont want front row seats is	place of worship.
one place where you dont want front row seats is	concert.
one place where you dont want front row seats is	funeral.
one place where you dont want front row seats is	seaworld.
one place where you dont want front row seats is	circus.
one place where you dont want front row seats is	school.
one thing that some people are paid to chase after is	dogs.
one thing that some people are paid to chase after is	criminals.
one thing that some people are paid to chase after is	storms.
one thing that some people are paid to chase after is	footballs/balls.
one thing many people spend a lot of money on just to impress others is	clothes.
one thing many people spend a lot of money on just to impress others is	car.
one thing many people spend a lot of money on just to impress others is	house.
one thing many people spend a lot of money on just to impress others is	hair cut.
one thing many people spend a lot of money on just to impress others is	jewelry.
one place where you hate to get stuck is	traffic.
one place where you hate to get stuck is	elevator.
one place where you hate to get stuck is	work.
one place where you hate to get stuck is	airport.
one thing youd never forget to do on christmas day is	exchange gifts.
one thing youd never forget to do on christmas day is	eat.
one thing youd never forget to do on christmas day is	wake up.
one thing youd never forget to do on christmas day is	cook.
one thing youd never forget to do on christmas day is	sing.
one thing youd never forget to do on christmas day is	go to church.
one thing youd never forget to do on christmas day is	say merry christmas.
one announcement that you'd hate for your boss to overhear you making is	i'm quitting.
one announcement that you'd hate for your boss to overhear you making is	i'm pregnant.
one announcement that you'd hate for your boss to overhear you making is	i got a new job.
one announcement that you'd hate for your boss to overhear you making is	i hate this job/boss.
one thing you might need if you're eating a lobster is	butter.
one thing you might need if you're eating a lobster is	bib.
one thing you might need if you're eating a lobster is	fork.
one thing you might need if you're eating a lobster is	napkin.
one thing you might need if you're eating a lobster is	cracking tool.
one thing you would not want to drop your wedding ring into is	sink.
one thing you would not want to drop your wedding ring into is	toilet.
one thing you would not want to drop your wedding ring into is	water.
one thing you would not want to drop your wedding ring into is	food.
one thing you might see pictured on a postcard from alaska is	snow.
one thing you might see pictured on a postcard from alaska is	iceberg.
one thing you might see pictured on a postcard from alaska is	polor bear.
one thing you might see pictured on a postcard from alaska is	mountains.
one type of makeup that most women don't wear on a regular basis is	lipstick.
one type of makeup that most women don't wear on a regular basis is	blush.
one type of makeup that most women don't wear on a regular basis is	foundation.
one type of makeup that most women don't wear on a regular basis is	eye shadow.
one type of makeup that most women don't wear on a regular basis is	mascara.
one type of makeup that most women don't wear on a regular basis is	eyeliner.
one place where you find yourself watching the clock is	work.
one place where you find yourself watching the clock is	school.
one place where you find yourself watching the clock is	place of worship.
one place where you find yourself watching the clock is	doctor's office.
one place where you find yourself watching the clock is	airport.
one thing people like to drink at bedtime is	milk.
one thing people like to drink at bedtime is	water.
one thing people like to drink at bedtime is	hot chocolate.
one thing people like to drink at bedtime is	juice.
one thing people like to drink at bedtime is	tea.
one thing a person might be told to "hang up" is	phone.
one thing a person might be told to "hang up" is	jacket/clothes.
one thing a person might be told to "hang up" is	bad job.
one thing a person might be told to "hang up" is	boxing gloves.
one thing a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates is	scalpel.
one thing a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates is	nurse.
one thing a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates is	gloves.
one thing a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates is	mask.
one thing a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates is	iv.
one thing a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates is	alcohol.
one thing a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates is	light.
one reason why kids might have a weekday off of school is	public holiday.
one reason why kids might have a weekday off of school is	snow day.
one reason why kids might have a weekday off of school is	sick.
one reason why kids might have a weekday off of school is	teacher conference.
one reason why kids might have a weekday off of school is	on vacation.
one thing a restaurant owner would hate to tell customers theyve run out of is	food.
one thing a restaurant owner would hate to tell customers theyve run out of is	coffee.
one thing a restaurant owner would hate to tell customers theyve run out of is	space.
one thing a restaurant owner would hate to tell customers theyve run out of is	alcohol.
one thing a restaurant owner would hate to tell customers theyve run out of is	the special.
one thing you see in every star wars movie is	darth vader.
one thing you see in every star wars movie is	lightsaber.
one thing you see in every star wars movie is	spaceships.
one thing you see in every star wars movie is	r2 d2.
one thing you see in every star wars movie is	c 3po.
one thing you see in every star wars movie is	jedi.
one thing specific you might order at a french restaurant is	escargot.
one thing specific you might order at a french restaurant is	wine.
one thing specific you might order at a french restaurant is	croissant.
one thing specific you might order at a french restaurant is	crepes.
one thing specific you might order at a french restaurant is	fondue.
one thing specific you might order at a french restaurant is	french fries.
one thing specific you might order at a french restaurant is	french bread.
one thing that's often sold at a swap meet (be more specific than junk or stuff) is	clothes.
one thing that's often sold at a swap meet (be more specific than junk or stuff) is	baseball cards.
one thing that's often sold at a swap meet (be more specific than junk or stuff) is	furniture.
one thing that's often sold at a swap meet (be more specific than junk or stuff) is	tools.
one thing that's often sold at a swap meet (be more specific than junk or stuff) is	dishes.
one thing that's often sold at a swap meet (be more specific than junk or stuff) is	cars.
one thing that's often sold at a swap meet (be more specific than junk or stuff) is	books.
one thing a hollywood stunt person gets paid to do, but your teen would get punished for doing is	crashing the car.
one thing a hollywood stunt person gets paid to do, but your teen would get punished for doing is	speeding.
one thing a hollywood stunt person gets paid to do, but your teen would get punished for doing is	fighting.
one thing a hollywood stunt person gets paid to do, but your teen would get punished for doing is	jumping off roof.
the month most people start shopping for holiday presents is	november.
the month most people start shopping for holiday presents is	december.
one type of book that you're not expected to read all of is	bible.
one type of book that you're not expected to read all of is	dictionary.
one type of book that you're not expected to read all of is	encyclopedia.
one type of book that you're not expected to read all of is	text book.
one type of book that you're not expected to read all of is	phone book.
one company which sends out special holiday catalog is	sears.
one company which sends out special holiday catalog is	toys r us.
one thing you might build in the backyard is	treehouse.
one thing you might build in the backyard is	fence.
one thing you might build in the backyard is	swing set/playground.
one thing you might build in the backyard is	deck/patio.
one thing you might build in the backyard is	doghouse.
one thing you might build in the backyard is	bird feeder.
one thing a parent tries, to get their baby to sleep is	singing.
one thing a parent tries, to get their baby to sleep is	rocking.
one thing a parent tries, to get their baby to sleep is	warm milk.
one thing a parent tries, to get their baby to sleep is	car ride.
one thing two people on a date might share is	kiss.
one thing two people on a date might share is	drink.
one thing two people on a date might share is	food.
one thing two people on a date might share is	bill.
one thing two people on a date might share is	conversation.
one thing two people on a date might share is	car.
one thing two people on a date might share is	interests.
one thing you use from the kitchen when you're working in the garage is	knife.
one thing you use from the kitchen when you're working in the garage is	scissors.
one thing you use from the kitchen when you're working in the garage is	soap.
one thing you use from the kitchen when you're working in the garage is	towel.
one occupation in which you'd need to wear comfortable shoes is	doctor/nurse.
one occupation in which you'd need to wear comfortable shoes is	food service.
one occupation in which you'd need to wear comfortable shoes is	teacher.
one occupation in which you'd need to wear comfortable shoes is	mail carrier.
one summer picnic food that will make your face messy is	watermelon.
one summer picnic food that will make your face messy is	bbq.
one summer picnic food that will make your face messy is	ice cream.
one summer picnic food that will make your face messy is	pie.
one thing you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there is	posters.
one thing you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there is	color pink.
one thing you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there is	makeup.
one thing you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there is	clothes.
one thing you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there is	diary.
one thing you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there is	magazines.
one thing you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there is	stuffed animals.
one thing found at the bottom of the ocean is	sand.
one thing found at the bottom of the ocean is	fish.
one thing found at the bottom of the ocean is	seashells.
one thing found at the bottom of the ocean is	rock.
one thing found at the bottom of the ocean is	sunken ship/ treasure.
one thing found at the bottom of the ocean is	coral.
one thing found at the bottom of the ocean is	seaweed.
one thing that only a person who really loves christmas would do as early as october is	decorate.
one thing that only a person who really loves christmas would do as early as october is	shop for gifts.
one thing that only a person who really loves christmas would do as early as october is	put up tree.
one thing that only a person who really loves christmas would do as early as october is	wrap gifts.
one reason why a man would wax hair off part of his body is	too hairy.
one reason why a man would wax hair off part of his body is	for spouse/date.
one reason why a man would wax hair off part of his body is	body builder.
one reason why a man would wax hair off part of his body is	swimmer.
one reason why a college football player might get kicked off his team is	steroids.
one reason why a college football player might get kicked off his team is	fighting.
one reason why a college football player might get kicked off his team is	bad attitude.
one reason why a college football player might get kicked off his team is	bad grades.
one thing you do to let a friend know she has food on her face is	tell her.
one thing you do to let a friend know she has food on her face is	point at it.
one thing you do to let a friend know she has food on her face is	giggle/tease her.
one thing you do to let a friend know she has food on her face is	wipe your own face.
one weather condition that might cause you to have wacky hair is	rain.
one weather condition that might cause you to have wacky hair is	wind.
one weather condition that might cause you to have wacky hair is	humidity.
one weather condition that might cause you to have wacky hair is	lightning.
one thing people drink to keep them awake is	coffee shop.
one thing people drink to keep them awake is	energy drink.
one thing people drink to keep them awake is	soda.
one thing people drink to keep them awake is	tea.
one thing people add to their tea is	sugar.
one thing people add to their tea is	lemon.
one thing people add to their tea is	milk.
one thing people add to their tea is	honey.
one thing people add to their tea is	ice.
biggest event in a teenager's life is	driver's license.
biggest event in a teenager's life is	graduation.
biggest event in a teenager's life is	16th birthday.
biggest event in a teenager's life is	first kiss.
biggest event in a teenager's life is	first car.
biggest event in a teenager's life is	prom.
one thing that often looks better in advertised pictures than in real life is	food.
one thing that often looks better in advertised pictures than in real life is	clothes.
one thing that often looks better in advertised pictures than in real life is	people.
one thing that often looks better in advertised pictures than in real life is	cars.
one piece of information that's on every menu is	prices.
one piece of information that's on every menu is	names of dishes.
one piece of information that's on every menu is	name of business.
one piece of information that's on every menu is	phone number/ address.
one job where you must keep a certain haircut is	police.
one job where you must keep a certain haircut is	military.
one job where you must keep a certain haircut is	model.
one job where you must keep a certain haircut is	barber.
one instrument that can sound whiny is	violin.
one instrument that can sound whiny is	flute.
one instrument that can sound whiny is	clarinet.
one instrument that can sound whiny is	guitar.
one instrument that can sound whiny is	saxiphone.
one place where you might find a frog is	pond.
one place where you might find a frog is	lake.
one place where you might find a frog is	swamp.
one place where you might find a frog is	creek.
one place where you might find a frog is	river.
one place where you might find a frog is	woods.
one place where you might find a frog is	backyard.
one holiday you might bbq on is	fourth of july.
one holiday you might bbq on is	labor day.
one holiday you might bbq on is	thanksgiving.
one holiday you might bbq on is	memorial day.
one holiday you might bbq on is	father's day.
one holiday you might bbq on is	mother's day.
one thing many people buy with credit card instead of cash is	clothes.
one thing many people buy with credit card instead of cash is	car.
one thing many people buy with credit card instead of cash is	gas.
one thing many people buy with credit card instead of cash is	food.
one thing many people buy with credit card instead of cash is	furniture.
one thing many people buy with credit card instead of cash is	tv.
one way that people spoil their pets is	give them treats.
one way that people spoil their pets is	feed too much.
one way that people spoil their pets is	sleep with them.
one way that people spoil their pets is	buy them clothes.
one way that people spoil their pets is	buy them toys.
one furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets is	hamster.
one furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets is	gerbil.
one furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets is	mouse.
one furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets is	rabbit.
one furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets is	ferret.
one furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets is	guinea pig.
one furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets is	tarantula.
one article of clothing that usually cant be put in the dryer is	sweater.
one article of clothing that usually cant be put in the dryer is	bra.
one article of clothing that usually cant be put in the dryer is	coat.
one article of clothing that usually cant be put in the dryer is	shoes.
one place where people hope not to have a baby seated near them is	airplanes.
one place where people hope not to have a baby seated near them is	movies.
one place where people hope not to have a baby seated near them is	restaurant.
one place where people hope not to have a baby seated near them is	bus.
one place where people hope not to have a baby seated near them is	place of worship.
one thing everybody knows about turkeys is	gobble.
one thing everybody knows about turkeys is	thanksgiving.
one thing everybody knows about turkeys is	tast good.
one thing everybody knows about turkeys is	can't fly.
one thing skydivers do before jumping out of the airplane is	pray.
one thing skydivers do before jumping out of the airplane is	check parachute.
one thing skydivers do before jumping out of the airplane is	scream.
one thing skydivers do before jumping out of the airplane is	close eyes.
one thing skydivers do before jumping out of the airplane is	take a deep breath.
one thing that gets described as festive is	party.
one thing that gets described as festive is	holiday.
one thing that gets described as festive is	food.
one thing that gets described as festive is	carnival.
one thing that gets described as festive is	decorations.
one thing some people do by hand, while others use a machine is	sew.
one thing some people do by hand, while others use a machine is	wash clothes.
one thing some people do by hand, while others use a machine is	wash dishes.
one thing some people do by hand, while others use a machine is	write.
one thing some people do by hand, while others use a machine is	saw.
one thing some people do by hand, while others use a machine is	math.
one thing you do for your child, and your child does for her imaginary friend is	feed.
one thing you do for your child, and your child does for her imaginary friend is	talk.
one thing you do for your child, and your child does for her imaginary friend is	play with.
one thing you do for your child, and your child does for her imaginary friend is	read.
one thing an airline passenger might find there isn't enough of on the plane is	food.
one thing an airline passenger might find there isn't enough of on the plane is	leg room.
one thing an airline passenger might find there isn't enough of on the plane is	seats.
one thing an airline passenger might find there isn't enough of on the plane is	pillows/blankets.
one thing an airline passenger might find there isn't enough of on the plane is	drinks.
one place you visit where you arent allowed to touch anything is	museum/gallery.
one place you visit where you arent allowed to touch anything is	zoo.
one place you visit where you arent allowed to touch anything is	gentleman's club.
one place you visit where you arent allowed to touch anything is	china shop.
one specific stunt that most action movie heroes probably don't do themselves is	fly.
one specific stunt that most action movie heroes probably don't do themselves is	jump from building.
one specific stunt that most action movie heroes probably don't do themselves is	car crash.
one specific stunt that most action movie heroes probably don't do themselves is	endure fire.
one specific stunt that most action movie heroes probably don't do themselves is	flips.
one food that some people prefer to eat burnt is	toast.
one food that some people prefer to eat burnt is	marshmellow.
one food that some people prefer to eat burnt is	popcorn.
one food that some people prefer to eat burnt is	steak.
one food that some people prefer to eat burnt is	bacon.
one food that some people prefer to eat burnt is	hot dogs.
one complaint a circus clown might have about his job is	bad kids.
one complaint a circus clown might have about his job is	too many kids.
one complaint a circus clown might have about his job is	low pay.
one complaint a circus clown might have about his job is	smells bad.
one complaint a circus clown might have about his job is	no one laughs.
one complaint a circus clown might have about his job is	costumes are hot.
one complaint a circus clown might have about his job is	gets tired.
one way you can tell a storm is coming is	dark clouds/sky.
one way you can tell a storm is coming is	lightning.
one way you can tell a storm is coming is	wind changes.
one way you can tell a storm is coming is	smell.
one way you can tell a storm is coming is	drizzling.
one thing you order at mcdonald's that you'd never order at a fancy french restaurant is	hamburger.
one thing you order at mcdonald's that you'd never order at a fancy french restaurant is	french fries.
one thing you order at mcdonald's that you'd never order at a fancy french restaurant is	chicken nuggets.
one thing you order at mcdonald's that you'd never order at a fancy french restaurant is	milkshake.
one thing you order at mcdonald's that you'd never order at a fancy french restaurant is	filet o fish.
one thing that you often have a hard time concentrating on is	work.
one thing that you often have a hard time concentrating on is	tests.
one thing that you often have a hard time concentrating on is	schoolwork.
one thing that you often have a hard time concentrating on is	reading.
one thing that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow is	drive.
one thing that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow is	ski.
one thing that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow is	walk through it.
one thing that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow is	shovel.
one thing that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow is	sled.
one thing that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow is	dress.
one thing that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow is	make a snowman.
one thing of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into is	diary.
one thing of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into is	purse/ wallet.
one thing of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into is	cell phone.
one thing of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into is	underwear drawer.
one thing of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into is	online accounts.
one thing of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into is	bank account.
one thing of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into is	mail.
one actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film is	tom cruise.
one actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film is	jim carrey.
one actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film is	brad pitt.
one actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film is	julia roberts.
one actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film is	tom hanks.
one actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film is	will smith.
one actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film is	denzel washington.
one thing that would make you suspicious if your date said he didn't have any is	money.
one thing that would make you suspicious if your date said he didn't have any is	friends.
one thing that would make you suspicious if your date said he didn't have any is	family.
one thing that would make you suspicious if your date said he didn't have any is	exes.
one thing that would make you suspicious if your date said he didn't have any is	identification.
one type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day" is	catfish.
one type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day" is	salmon.
one type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day" is	trout.
one type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day" is	red snapper.
one type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day" is	perch.
one type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day" is	halibut.
one type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day" is	swordfish.
one professional who you hate to call because the bill is to expensive is	plumber.
one professional who you hate to call because the bill is to expensive is	lawyer.
one professional who you hate to call because the bill is to expensive is	doctor.
one professional who you hate to call because the bill is to expensive is	electrician.
one professional who you hate to call because the bill is to expensive is	mechanic.
one restaurant job that a stay-at-home parent does for free all the time is	cook.
one restaurant job that a stay-at-home parent does for free all the time is	dishwasher.
one restaurant job that a stay-at-home parent does for free all the time is	server.
one restaurant job that a stay-at-home parent does for free all the time is	busser.
one thing people juggle is	balls.
one thing people juggle is	bowling pins.
one thing people juggle is	fruit.
one thing people juggle is	job and home/duties.
one thing people juggle is	multiple dates.
one crime that most cops have probably committed themselves is	speeding.
one crime that most cops have probably committed themselves is	stealing.
one crime that most cops have probably committed themselves is	jaywalking.
one crime that most cops have probably committed themselves is	littering.
one reason why a plane may be delayed is	weather.
one reason why a plane may be delayed is	needs repairs.
one reason why a plane may be delayed is	security advisory.
one reason why a plane may be delayed is	refueling.
one thing people wear on new year's is	hats.
one thing people wear on new year's is	dress.
one thing people wear on new year's is	tux.
one thing people wear on new year's is	new clothes.
one thing people wear on new year's is	tiara.
one thing people wear on new year's is	jewlery.
one thing people wear on new year's is	glitter.
one thing a person sits next to on a hot day is	fan/air conditioner.
one thing a person sits next to on a hot day is	swimming pool.
one thing a person sits next to on a hot day is	ocean/lake.
one thing a person sits next to on a hot day is	tree/shade.
one thing a person sits next to on a hot day is	cold drink.
one reason a person might wear their pajamas outside is	get mail/newspaper.
one reason a person might wear their pajamas outside is	emergency/fire.
one reason a person might wear their pajamas outside is	they're cold.
one reason a person might wear their pajamas outside is	they're lazy.
one reason a person might wear their pajamas outside is	pajama party.
one reason a person might wear their pajamas outside is	take out trash.
one thing people hate to find on their windshield is	ticket.
one thing people hate to find on their windshield is	bugs.
one thing people hate to find on their windshield is	bird droppings.
one thing people hate to find on their windshield is	snow.
one thing people hate to find on their windshield is	a crack.
one thing people hate to find on their windshield is	fliers.
one thing that house cleaners clean more often than you do(more specific than a room) is	toilet.
one thing that house cleaners clean more often than you do(more specific than a room) is	windows.
one thing that house cleaners clean more often than you do(more specific than a room) is	floor.
one thing that house cleaners clean more often than you do(more specific than a room) is	stove/oven.
one thing that house cleaners clean more often than you do(more specific than a room) is	ceiling fan.
one thing you'd worry about if you were to host a dinner party for your in-laws is	taste of food.
one thing you'd worry about if you were to host a dinner party for your in-laws is	clean house.
one thing you'd worry about if you were to host a dinner party for your in-laws is	conversation.
one thing you'd worry about if you were to host a dinner party for your in-laws is	outfit.
one thing that causes people to change seats at the movies is	want better view.
one thing that causes people to change seats at the movies is	noisy neighbors.
one thing that causes people to change seats at the movies is	tall person in front.
one thing that causes people to change seats at the movies is	dirty/sticky seat.
one thing that causes people to change seats at the movies is	affectionate couple.
one thing you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice is	coat.
one thing you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice is	blanket.
one thing you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice is	heater.
one thing you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice is	glove.
one thing you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice is	sweater.
one thing you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice is	hat.
one thing you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice is	boots.
one thing a mom might make her daughter wait til shes years old to do is	wear makeup.
one thing a mom might make her daughter wait til shes years old to do is	shave.
one thing a mom might make her daughter wait til shes years old to do is	pierce ears.
one thing a mom might make her daughter wait til shes years old to do is	cook.
one thing a mom might make her daughter wait til shes years old to do is	stay home alone.
one thing youd be afraid to do by yourself is	travel.
one thing youd be afraid to do by yourself is	skydive.
one thing youd be afraid to do by yourself is	sleep.
one thing youd be afraid to do by yourself is	swim.
one thing youd be afraid to do by yourself is	walk at night.
one thing youd be afraid to do by yourself is	watch scary movie.
one thing youd be afraid to do by yourself is	camp.
one activity you'd never do without wearing a helmet is	ride a bicycle.
one activity you'd never do without wearing a helmet is	play football.
one activity you'd never do without wearing a helmet is	ride a motorcycle.
one activity you'd never do without wearing a helmet is	rock climb.
one activity you'd never do without wearing a helmet is	skydive.
one activity you'd never do without wearing a helmet is	skateboard.
one specific junk food that you'd never want to give up is	chocolate/ candy.
one specific junk food that you'd never want to give up is	chips.
one specific junk food that you'd never want to give up is	pizza.
one specific junk food that you'd never want to give up is	french fries.
one type of business that does best during the summer is	ice cream parlor.
one type of business that does best during the summer is	bathing suit store.
one type of business that does best during the summer is	amusement parks.
one type of business that does best during the summer is	swimming pool.
one type of business that does best during the summer is	air conditioning.
one type of business that does best during the summer is	parks and recreation.
one thing a new parent tries to do while the baby is napping is	nap.
one thing a new parent tries to do while the baby is napping is	clean.
one thing a new parent tries to do while the baby is napping is	spend time togeather.
one thing a new parent tries to do while the baby is napping is	shower.
one thing that your boyfriend does that makes you question why you're still with him is	cheat.
one thing that your boyfriend does that makes you question why you're still with him is	lie.
one thing that your boyfriend does that makes you question why you're still with him is	drink.
one thing that your boyfriend does that makes you question why you're still with him is	has gas in public.
one thing that your boyfriend does that makes you question why you're still with him is	smokes.
one thing that your boyfriend does that makes you question why you're still with him is	snore.
one thing people enjoy doing under a tree is	picnic.
one thing people enjoy doing under a tree is	sleeping.
one thing people enjoy doing under a tree is	reading a book.
one thing people enjoy doing under a tree is	sitting.
one thing people enjoy doing under a tree is	relaxing.
one thing people enjoy doing under a tree is	kissing.
one type of online site that asks you to log in is	email.
one type of online site that asks you to log in is	social network.
one type of online site that asks you to log in is	movies/tv.
one type of online site that asks you to log in is	games.
one type of online site that asks you to log in is	dating site.
one type of online site that asks you to log in is	blog.
one food you may find in one person's home garden is	tomatoes.
one food you may find in one person's home garden is	carrots.
one food you may find in one person's home garden is	lettuce.
one food you may find in one person's home garden is	corn.
one food you may find in one person's home garden is	potatoes.
one food you may find in one person's home garden is	cucumber.
one thing a person might do with chewing gum that other people think is rude is	pop it.
one thing a person might do with chewing gum that other people think is rude is	smack.
one thing a person might do with chewing gum that other people think is rude is	blow bubbles.
one thing a person might do with chewing gum that other people think is rude is	put under table.
one thing a person might do with chewing gum that other people think is rude is	spit it out.
one thing people might buy for their new goldfish is	food.
one thing people might buy for their new goldfish is	tank.
one thing people might buy for their new goldfish is	some rocks.
one thing people might buy for their new goldfish is	castle.
one thing people might buy for their new goldfish is	another goldfish.
different to use left over turkey is	sandwiches.
different to use left over turkey is	soup.
different to use left over turkey is	turkey salad.
different to use left over turkey is	turkey pot pie.
different to use left over turkey is	casserole.
different to use left over turkey is	turkey ala king.
different to use left over turkey is	turkey hash.
one thing in your house you could not live without is	tv.
one thing in your house you could not live without is	bed.
one thing in your house you could not live without is	telephone.
one thing in your house you could not live without is	kitchen.
one thing in your house you could not live without is	running water.
one thing in your house you could not live without is	family.
one thing a manicurist needs to do her job is	nail file.
one thing a manicurist needs to do her job is	fingernail polish.
one thing a manicurist needs to do her job is	buffer.
one thing a manicurist needs to do her job is	cotton balls.
one thing a manicurist needs to do her job is	scissors.
one article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed is	shoes.
one article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed is	jeans.
one article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed is	hat.
one article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed is	bra.
one article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed is	dress.
one article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed is	jacket.
one article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed is	socks.
one magazine teenagers buy is	seventeen.
one magazine teenagers buy is	teen.
one magazine teenagers buy is	tiger beat.
one magazine teenagers buy is	teen people.
one magazine teenagers buy is	cosmogirl.
one muscle that a body builder would show off is	upper arm.
one muscle that a body builder would show off is	chest.
one muscle that a body builder would show off is	stomach.
one muscle that a body builder would show off is	calf.
one muscle that a body builder would show off is	butt.
one place where it'd be rude for a man to go without wearing a suit/tuxedo is	wedding.
one place where it'd be rude for a man to go without wearing a suit/tuxedo is	funeral.
one place where it'd be rude for a man to go without wearing a suit/tuxedo is	prom.
one place where it'd be rude for a man to go without wearing a suit/tuxedo is	place of worship.
one place where it'd be rude for a man to go without wearing a suit/tuxedo is	job interview.
one place where itd be smart for a lawyer to advertise is	jail.
one place where itd be smart for a lawyer to advertise is	court.
one place where itd be smart for a lawyer to advertise is	tv.
one place where itd be smart for a lawyer to advertise is	billboard.
one place where itd be smart for a lawyer to advertise is	hospital.
one thing youd hate to lose at the airport is	luggage.
one thing youd hate to lose at the airport is	boarding pass.
one thing youd hate to lose at the airport is	id/passport.
one thing youd hate to lose at the airport is	money.
one thing youd hate to lose at the airport is	kids.
one thing every newlywed hopes their motherinlaw will be is	quiet.
one thing every newlywed hopes their motherinlaw will be is	good cook.
one thing every newlywed hopes their motherinlaw will be is	not nosey.
one thing every newlywed hopes their motherinlaw will be is	lives far away.
one thing every newlywed hopes their motherinlaw will be is	nice.
one thing you keep in your cars glove compartment is	registration.
one thing you keep in your cars glove compartment is	map.
one thing you keep in your cars glove compartment is	insurance card.
one thing you keep in your cars glove compartment is	flashlight.
one thing you keep in your cars glove compartment is	gloves.
one thing you keep in your cars glove compartment is	tissues.
one thing you keep in your cars glove compartment is	car manual.
one city in florida is	miami.
one city in florida is	orlando.
one city in florida is	jacksonville.
one city in florida is	tampa bay.
one city in florida is	daytona beach.
one city in florida is	tellahassee.
one city in florida is	key west.
one thing youd be disappointed to find your computer came without is	monitor.
one thing youd be disappointed to find your computer came without is	mouse.
one thing youd be disappointed to find your computer came without is	keyboard.
one thing youd be disappointed to find your computer came without is	speakers.
one thing youd be disappointed to find your computer came without is	internet capability.
one thing youd be disappointed to find your computer came without is	windows.
one thing youd be disappointed to find your computer came without is	power cord.
one thing people do when they've lost their temper is	yell.
one thing people do when they've lost their temper is	throw things.
one thing people do when they've lost their temper is	argue.
one thing people do when they've lost their temper is	curse.
one thing people do when they've lost their temper is	cry.
one thing people do when they've lost their temper is	turn red.
one thing every fairy tale needs is	happy ending.
one thing every fairy tale needs is	prince.
one thing every fairy tale needs is	princess.
one thing every fairy tale needs is	villian.
one thing a boy might wear that is likely to get him kicked out of prep school is	hat.
one thing a boy might wear that is likely to get him kicked out of prep school is	dress/skirt.
one thing a boy might wear that is likely to get him kicked out of prep school is	blue jeans.
one thing a boy might wear that is likely to get him kicked out of prep school is	piercing.
one thing a boy might wear that is likely to get him kicked out of prep school is	shorts.
one occupation that you hope is great at their job of the time is	doctor.
one occupation that you hope is great at their job of the time is	pilot.
one occupation that you hope is great at their job of the time is	lawyer.
one occupation that you hope is great at their job of the time is	police officer.
one animal that lives on both land and water is	turtle.
one animal that lives on both land and water is	alligator.
one thing a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group is	lack of preperation.
one thing a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group is	shuttering.
one thing a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group is	mis pronunciation.
one thing a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group is	sweating.
one thing a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group is	impression.
one thing a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group is	volume of voice.
one thing a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group is	hair.
one responsibility that most married couples share is	finances.
one responsibility that most married couples share is	house chores.
one responsibility that most married couples share is	childcare.
one responsibility that most married couples share is	cooking.
one place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor is	at the bar.
one place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor is	at work.
one place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor is	out of town.
one place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor is	at a strip club.
one place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor is	stuck in a traffic.
one place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor is	in an airplane.
one place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor is	in jail.
one thing people do when they've lost a pet is	post signs.
one thing people do when they've lost a pet is	look for him.
one thing people do when they've lost a pet is	be sad/cry.
one thing people do when they've lost a pet is	call humane society.
one thing people do when they've lost a pet is	call police.
one thing people do when they've lost a pet is	place an ad.
one thing embarrassing that you don't want to do while asleep on a plane ride is	snore.
one thing embarrassing that you don't want to do while asleep on a plane ride is	drool.
one thing embarrassing that you don't want to do while asleep on a plane ride is	pass gas.
one thing embarrassing that you don't want to do while asleep on a plane ride is	jerk/fall over.
one thing embarrassing that you don't want to do while asleep on a plane ride is	talk in sleep.
one thing about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about is	length.
one thing about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about is	tangles.
one thing about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about is	falling out.
one thing about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about is	split ends.
one thing about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about is	lice.
one thing about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about is	combing it.
one thing about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about is	cutting it.
one thing pilgrims wear is	hat.
one thing pilgrims wear is	capes.
one thing pilgrims wear is	buckle shoes.
one thing pilgrims wear is	bonnets.
one thing pilgrims wear is	big white collars.
one thing pilgrims wear is	bloomers.
one thing pilgrims wear is	stockings.
one reason why a woman calls her husband while he's out is	check on him.
one reason why a woman calls her husband while he's out is	pick something up.
one reason why a woman calls her husband while he's out is	he's late.
one reason why a woman calls her husband while he's out is	emergency/sick.
one place you see a lot of green grass is	golf course.
one place you see a lot of green grass is	park.
one place you see a lot of green grass is	farm.
one place you see a lot of green grass is	suburbs.
one place you see a lot of green grass is	country.
one thing that's taught in the first grade is	abc's.
one thing that's taught in the first grade is	reading.
one thing that's taught in the first grade is	math.
one thing that's taught in the first grade is	writing.
one thing that's taught in the first grade is	spelling.
one thing that's taught in the first grade is	writing name.
one thing people do to cure an aching back is	pain reliever.
one thing people do to cure an aching back is	lay down.
one thing people do to cure an aching back is	massage.
one thing people do to cure an aching back is	heating pad.
one thing people do to cure an aching back is	chiropractor.
one thing people do to cure an aching back is	bengay.
one thing a doctor better not be afraid of is	blood.
one thing a doctor better not be afraid of is	needles.
one thing a doctor better not be afraid of is	people.
one thing a doctor better not be afraid of is	illness/ germs.
one thing a mobster might have a tattoo of is	gun.
one thing a mobster might have a tattoo of is	mom.
one thing a mobster might have a tattoo of is	skull.
one thing a mobster might have a tattoo of is	snake.
one thing a mobster might have a tattoo of is	cross.
one thing a mobster might have a tattoo of is	money.
one sound you'd hear at a boxing match is	bell.
one sound you'd hear at a boxing match is	cheering.
one sound you'd hear at a boxing match is	booing.
one sound you'd hear at a boxing match is	punching.
one sound you'd hear at a boxing match is	applause.
one thing you put on before going out into the snow is	snow boots.
one thing you put on before going out into the snow is	gloves.
one object that kids pretend is a telephone is	banana.
one object that kids pretend is a telephone is	hand.
one object that kids pretend is a telephone is	shoe.
one object that kids pretend is a telephone is	remote.
one object that kids pretend is a telephone is	brush.
one object that kids pretend is a telephone is	tin can.
one thing you'd hate to have happen if you went up in a hot air balloon is	fall out.
one thing you'd hate to have happen if you went up in a hot air balloon is	pops.
one thing you'd hate to have happen if you went up in a hot air balloon is	collision.
one thing you'd hate to have happen if you went up in a hot air balloon is	rains.
one thing a baseball player might be holding during a game is	bat.
one thing a baseball player might be holding during a game is	mitt.
one thing a baseball player might be holding during a game is	baseball.
one thing a baseball player might be holding during a game is	batting gloves.
one thing a baseball player might be holding during a game is	chewing tobacco.
one thing a baseball player might be holding during a game is	water bottle.
one thing of yours that you might someday change its color is	hair.
one thing of yours that you might someday change its color is	home/rooms.
one thing of yours that you might someday change its color is	car.
one thing of yours that you might someday change its color is	clothes/shoes.
one thing of yours that you might someday change its color is	drapes.
one thing of yours that you might someday change its color is	eyes.
one thing kids do with snow but their parents dont is	eat it.
one thing kids do with snow but their parents dont is	throw snowballs.
one thing kids do with snow but their parents dont is	make snow angels.
one thing kids do with snow but their parents dont is	build snowmen.
one thing kids do with snow but their parents dont is	sled in it.
one type of shoe that would be hard for a tightrope walker to perform in is	high heels.
one type of shoe that would be hard for a tightrope walker to perform in is	boots.
one makeup women apply to their face is	foundation.
one makeup women apply to their face is	blush.
one makeup women apply to their face is	lipstick.
one makeup women apply to their face is	eye shadow.
one makeup women apply to their face is	powder.
one makeup women apply to their face is	mascara.
one makeup women apply to their face is	eyeliner.
one thing a teenager would hate to be the last of their friends to do is	drive.
one thing a teenager would hate to be the last of their friends to do is	date.
one thing a teenager would hate to be the last of their friends to do is	graduate.
one thing a teenager would hate to be the last of their friends to do is	hit puberty.
one thing a teenager would hate to be the last of their friends to do is	get a phone.
one part of your body that feels stuffed up when you have a cold is	nose.
one part of your body that feels stuffed up when you have a cold is	head.
one part of your body that feels stuffed up when you have a cold is	chest.
one part of your body that feels stuffed up when you have a cold is	ears.
one thing people "run" for is	office.
one thing people "run" for is	marathon.
one thing people "run" for is	health.
one thing people "run" for is	their life.
one thing people "run" for is	cover.
one sports uniform that many men look sexy in is	baseball.
one sports uniform that many men look sexy in is	football.
one sports uniform that many men look sexy in is	soccer.
one sports uniform that many men look sexy in is	basketball.
one sports uniform that many men look sexy in is	swimwear.
one occupation in which you might be in a new city every night is	pilot.
one occupation in which you might be in a new city every night is	salesperson.
one occupation in which you might be in a new city every night is	musician.
one occupation in which you might be in a new city every night is	truck driver.
one occupation in which you might be in a new city every night is	flight attendant.
one thing you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on is	socks.
one thing you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on is	undergarments.
one thing you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on is	t shirt.
one thing you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on is	hat.
one thing you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on is	makeup.
one thing you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on is	sunglasses.
one thing you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on is	tie.
one thing that used to take up shelf space in your house, but can now be stored electronically is	music.
one thing that used to take up shelf space in your house, but can now be stored electronically is	photos.
one thing that used to take up shelf space in your house, but can now be stored electronically is	movies.
one thing that used to take up shelf space in your house, but can now be stored electronically is	books.
one gift you might buy if youre a secret santa is	candles.
one gift you might buy if youre a secret santa is	cookies/ candy.
one gift you might buy if youre a secret santa is	clothes.
one gift you might buy if youre a secret santa is	toys.
one gift you might buy if youre a secret santa is	get certificate.
one gift you might buy if youre a secret santa is	perfume.
one gift you might buy if youre a secret santa is	jewelry.
one place where you might see lots of police officers is	police station.
one place where you might see lots of police officers is	donut shop.
one place where you might see lots of police officers is	concert.
one place where you might see lots of police officers is	riot.
one place where you might see lots of police officers is	parade.
one place where you might see lots of police officers is	crime scene.
one specific skill you'd have to be good at to be a professional baseball player is	batting.
one specific skill you'd have to be good at to be a professional baseball player is	throwing.
one specific skill you'd have to be good at to be a professional baseball player is	catching.
one specific skill you'd have to be good at to be a professional baseball player is	running.
one specific skill you'd have to be good at to be a professional baseball player is	pitching.
one specific skill you'd have to be good at to be a professional baseball player is	coordination.
one food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day is	pizza.
one food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day is	candy.
one food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day is	ice cream.
one food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day is	cake.
one food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day is	chips.
one food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day is	french fries.
one food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day is	cookies.
one thing that can be easily be turned off is	lights.
one thing that can be easily be turned off is	tv.
one thing that can be easily be turned off is	oven radio.
one thing that can be easily be turned off is	radio.
one thing that can be easily be turned off is	partner.
one thing thats sold by the pound is	meat.
one thing thats sold by the pound is	vegetables.
one thing thats sold by the pound is	sugar.
one thing thats sold by the pound is	coffee.
one business that you wish stayed open later is	bank.
one business that you wish stayed open later is	restaurant.
one business that you wish stayed open later is	bar.
one business that you wish stayed open later is	supermarket.
one business that you wish stayed open later is	post office.
one thing you want a beach to have is	sand.
one thing you want a beach to have is	bathroom/showers.
one thing you want a beach to have is	umbrellas/shade.
one thing you want a beach to have is	lifeguards.
one thing you want a beach to have is	refreshments.
one thing you want a beach to have is	clear water.
one thing you want a beach to have is	seats.
one thing that both men and women use to get ready for a date is	shower.
one thing that both men and women use to get ready for a date is	fragrance.
one thing that both men and women use to get ready for a date is	comb.
one thing that both men and women use to get ready for a date is	toothpaste/brush.
one thing that both men and women use to get ready for a date is	deodorant.
one thing that both men and women use to get ready for a date is	mirror.
one thing that both men and women use to get ready for a date is	razor.
one thing specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date is	eyes.
one thing specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date is	shoes.
one thing specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date is	smile.
one thing specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date is	muscles.
one thing specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date is	wallet.
one thing specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date is	clothes.
one thing specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date is	butt.
one place you might expect to find a snake is	woods.
one place you might expect to find a snake is	mountains.
one place you might expect to find a snake is	farm.
one place you might expect to find a snake is	garden.
one place you might expect to find a snake is	grass.
one place you might expect to find a snake is	desert.
one place you might expect to find a snake is	zoo.
one thing people check at least once a day is	e mail.
one thing people check at least once a day is	time.
one thing people check at least once a day is	mailbox.
one thing people check at least once a day is	hair.
one thing people check at least once a day is	voice mail.
one thing that prevents you from seeing for miles is	fog.
one thing that prevents you from seeing for miles is	precipitation.
one thing that prevents you from seeing for miles is	trees.
one thing that prevents you from seeing for miles is	darkness.
one thing that prevents you from seeing for miles is	mountains.
one thing that prevents you from seeing for miles is	buildings.
one thing that prevents you from seeing for miles is	vision.
one occasion where you'd see people dancing is	wedding.
one occasion where you'd see people dancing is	party.
one thing a carjacker would hate to discover about the car he stole is	out of gas.
one thing a carjacker would hate to discover about the car he stole is	it's a police car.
one thing a carjacker would hate to discover about the car he stole is	fas gps.
one thing a carjacker would hate to discover about the car he stole is	it doesn't run.
one thing couples do months in advance to prepare for having a baby is	buy clothes.
one thing couples do months in advance to prepare for having a baby is	save money.
one thing couples do months in advance to prepare for having a baby is	buy crib.
one thing couples do months in advance to prepare for having a baby is	decorate nursery.
one thing couples do months in advance to prepare for having a baby is	have baby shower.
one thing couples do months in advance to prepare for having a baby is	choose a name.
one thing you spend less time doing when youre on vacation is	working.
one thing you spend less time doing when youre on vacation is	sleeping.
one thing you spend less time doing when youre on vacation is	worrying.
one thing you spend less time doing when youre on vacation is	watching tv.
one thing you spend less time doing when youre on vacation is	cleaning/cooking.
one indoor activity you spend much more time doing in winter is	watching tv/movie.
one indoor activity you spend much more time doing in winter is	reading.
one indoor activity you spend much more time doing in winter is	playing games.
one indoor activity you spend much more time doing in winter is	sleeping.
one indoor activity you spend much more time doing in winter is	cooking.
one magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands is	national enquirer.
one magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands is	people.
one magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands is	star.
one magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands is	time.
one magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands is	cosmopolitan.
one magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands is	seventeen.
one magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands is	tv guide.
one place that you need an id to enter is	bar.
one place that you need an id to enter is	airplane.
one place that you need an id to enter is	casino.
one place that you need an id to enter is	military base.
one place that you need an id to enter is	school.
one place that you need an id to enter is	work.
one person whose phone calls you try to avoid is	bill collector.
one person whose phone calls you try to avoid is	telemarketer.
one person whose phone calls you try to avoid is	parents.
one person whose phone calls you try to avoid is	boss.
one person whose phone calls you try to avoid is	in laws.
one person whose phone calls you try to avoid is	your ex.
one vegetable that they make baby food out of is	carrots.
one vegetable that they make baby food out of is	peas.
one vegetable that they make baby food out of is	beans.
one vegetable that they make baby food out of is	corn.
one vegetable that they make baby food out of is	spinach.
one thing most parents have pictures of their child doing is	bathing.
one thing most parents have pictures of their child doing is	playing.
one thing most parents have pictures of their child doing is	eating.
one thing most parents have pictures of their child doing is	smile/laugh.
one thing most parents have pictures of their child doing is	sleeping.
one thing most parents have pictures of their child doing is	openig presents.
one thing people criticize about dr phil is	arrogant.
one thing people criticize about dr phil is	fake.
one thing people criticize about dr phil is	too controversial.
one thing people criticize about dr phil is	mean.
one thing people criticize about dr phil is	too personal.
one thing people criticize about dr phil is	hypocrite.
one thing people do on the day after thanksgiving is	shop.
one thing people do on the day after thanksgiving is	rest.
the person you spend the most money on at christmas is	kids.
the person you spend the most money on at christmas is	parents.
one thing a little boy might put on when he's trying to dress up like his daddy is	tie.
one thing a little boy might put on when he's trying to dress up like his daddy is	suit.
one thing people accidentally walk into is	doors.
one thing people accidentally walk into is	windows.
one animal you wouldn't want to give mouth to mouth to is	dog.
one animal you wouldn't want to give mouth to mouth to is	pig.
one animal you wouldn't want to give mouth to mouth to is	snake.
one animal you wouldn't want to give mouth to mouth to is	rat.
one animal you wouldn't want to give mouth to mouth to is	lion.
one animal you wouldn't want to give mouth to mouth to is	alligator.
one thing specific a child can do to get on santa's nice list is	chores.
one thing specific a child can do to get on santa's nice list is	be nice.
one thing a woman might do to her 12 year old son that would cause him to say, "mom, i'm too old for this" is	kiss him in public.
one thing a woman might do to her 12 year old son that would cause him to say, "mom, i'm too old for this" is	clean face.
the ugliest place to get tan lines is	face.
the ugliest place to get tan lines is	arms.
the ugliest place to get tan lines is	shoulders.
one kitchen appliance that might be built-in is	stove.
one kitchen appliance that might be built-in is	microwave.
one annoying animal you wish noah would have left off the ark is	birds.
one annoying animal you wish noah would have left off the ark is	insect.
one annoying animal you wish noah would have left off the ark is	skunks.
one annoying animal you wish noah would have left off the ark is	snakes.
one annoying animal you wish noah would have left off the ark is	mice.
one annoying animal you wish noah would have left off the ark is	pigs.
one thing that most men don't do as well as they think they do is	cook.
one thing that most men don't do as well as they think they do is	drive.
one thing that most men don't do as well as they think they do is	clean.
one thing that most men don't do as well as they think they do is	dishes.
one thing that most men don't do as well as they think they do is	housework.
one thing that most men don't do as well as they think they do is	talk.
one word or phrase the post office stamps on a package is	fragile.
one word or phrase the post office stamps on a package is	return to sender.
one good rainy day activity is	reading.
one good rainy day activity is	board game.
one thing people do to cool down on a hot summer day is	go swimming.
one thing people do to cool down on a hot summer day is	air conditioner.
one occupation in which you have to put up with a lot from other people is	sales.
one occupation in which you have to put up with a lot from other people is	customer service.
one occupation in which you have to put up with a lot from other people is	waiter.
one occupation in which you have to put up with a lot from other people is	police officer.
one occupation in which you have to put up with a lot from other people is	cashier.
one occupation in which you have to put up with a lot from other people is	doctor.
one high school subject that was a total waste of time is	gym.
one high school subject that was a total waste of time is	history.
one thing that's done when an athlete wins an olympic event is	get a medal.
one thing that's done when an athlete wins an olympic event is	ceremony.
one family member you might have on your team when playing family feud is	spouse.
one family member you might have on your team when playing family feud is	mother.
one family member you might have on your team when playing family feud is	father.
one thing water skiers need that snow skiers don't is	life jacket.
one thing water skiers need that snow skiers don't is	bathing suit.
one thing water skiers need that snow skiers don't is	boat.
one thing that's described "smoky" is	bar.
one thing that's described "smoky" is	fire.
one thing that's described "smoky" is	meat.
one thing that's described "smoky" is	smokey the bear.
one thing that's described "smoky" is	cheese.
one thing that's described "smoky" is	mountains.
one thing men stop doing when they fall out of love is	being nice.
one thing men stop doing when they fall out of love is	kissing.
one thing men stop doing when they fall out of love is	buying flowers.
one thing men stop doing when they fall out of love is	talking.
one thing men stop doing when they fall out of love is	being romantic.
one thing men stop doing when they fall out of love is	self care.
one way you can tell that halloween is coming is	pumpkins.
one way you can tell that halloween is coming is	decorations.
one thing you'd buy for a dog you'd never buy for a cat is	bone.
one thing you'd buy for a dog you'd never buy for a cat is	leash.
one thing you shouldn't take away from a baby, unless you enjoy the sound of screaming is	bottle.
one thing you shouldn't take away from a baby, unless you enjoy the sound of screaming is	pacifier.
one thing you do when waiting for a flight is	read.
one thing you do when waiting for a flight is	sleep.
one thing you do when waiting for a flight is	eat food.
one thing you do when waiting for a flight is	listen to music.
one way to get rid of weeds in a garden is	pull them.
one way to get rid of weeds in a garden is	hoe.
one thing you're not allowed to carry on planes that you think is ridiculous is	water.
one thing you're not allowed to carry on planes that you think is ridiculous is	nail clipper.
one thing you're not allowed to carry on planes that you think is ridiculous is	shampoo.
one thing you're not allowed to carry on planes that you think is ridiculous is	lotion.
one thing you're not allowed to carry on planes that you think is ridiculous is	tweezers.
one article of clothing you can't wash in the washing machine is	send us your answers!.
one article of clothing you can't wash in the washing machine is	coat.
one thing specific a dog barks at is	mailman.
one thing specific a dog barks at is	other dogs.
one candy bar with nuts in it is	snickers.
one candy bar with nuts in it is	payday.
one advantage a truck has over a car is	size.
one advantage a truck has over a car is	carry more stuff.
one occupation whose members should get an immediate raise is	teaching.
one occupation whose members should get an immediate raise is	nursing.
one occupation whose members should get an immediate raise is	police officer.
one occupation whose members should get an immediate raise is	fireman.
one occupation whose members should get an immediate raise is	military.
one occupation whose members should get an immediate raise is	waitress.
one occupation whose members should get an immediate raise is	fast food worker.
one occupation whose members should get an immediate raise is	garbage collector.
one occasion or event after which you might be broke is	wedding.
one occasion or event after which you might be broke is	vacation.
one person whose ideas made this world a better place is	thomas edison.
one person whose ideas made this world a better place is	jesus christ.
one person whose ideas made this world a better place is	martin luther king.
one person whose ideas made this world a better place is	ben franklin.
one person whose ideas made this world a better place is	albert einstein.
one person whose ideas made this world a better place is	lincoln.
one popular vacation city in mexico is	cancun.
one popular vacation city in mexico is	tijuana.
one holiday that you don't get to miss work for is	easter.
one holiday that you don't get to miss work for is	valentine's day.
one place you might whisper is	church.
one place you might whisper is	library.
one expression that contains the word "ship" is	ship shape.
one expression that contains the word "ship" is	worship.
one expression that contains the word "ship" is	when my ship c....
one expression that contains the word "ship" is	wrecked ship.
one expression that contains the word "ship" is	friendship.
one expression that contains the word "ship" is	abandon ship.
one specific type of doctor is	gynecologist.
one specific type of doctor is	surgeon.
one specific type of doctor is	cardiologist.
the worst thing that can happen in the snow is	car accident.
the worst thing that can happen in the snow is	get stuck.
one thing no marriage ceremony would be complete without is	official.
one thing no marriage ceremony would be complete without is	bride and groom.
one thing that might annoy a barber about the person whose hair he's cutting is	dirty hair.
one thing that might annoy a barber about the person whose hair he's cutting is	talks too much.
one kind of place where you run into the rudest people is	mall.
one kind of place where you run into the rudest people is	bar.
one kind of place where you run into the rudest people is	restaurant.
one kind of place where you run into the rudest people is	sporting event.
one kind of place where you run into the rudest people is	church.
one kind of place where you run into the rudest people is	dmv.
one thing you'd find in almost every room of a house is	light.
one thing you'd find in almost every room of a house is	window.
one thing you'd find in almost every room of a house is	door.
one comic book superhero who could have used a little therapy is	spider man.
one comic book superhero who could have used a little therapy is	batman.
one comic book superhero who could have used a little therapy is	superman.
one type of yardwork that people dread doing is	raking leaves.
one type of yardwork that people dread doing is	mow.
one specific reason why people drink coffee is	to wake up.
one specific reason why people drink coffee is	taste.
one famous scott or scottie is	scotty of startrek.
one famous scott or scottie is	scott baio.
one famous scott or scottie is	f.s. fitzgerald.
one famous scott or scottie is	scott hamilton.
one famous scott or scottie is	george c. scott.
one famous scott or scottie is	sean connery.
one reason why one person might apply for a loan is	send us your answers!.
one reason why one person might apply for a loan is	house.
one thing listed on a wedding invitation is	date.
one thing listed on a wedding invitation is	names.
one thing listed on a wedding invitation is	location.
one thing people stomp on with their foot is	insects.
one thing people stomp on with their foot is	pedal.
one kind of tree that streets are named after is	oak.
one kind of tree that streets are named after is	maple.
one kind of tree that streets are named after is	pine.
one thing people might use to make their online passwords is	pet's name.
one thing people might use to make their online passwords is	kid's name.
one thing people might use to make their online passwords is	phone number.
one thing people might use to make their online passwords is	birthday.
one thing an artist uses is	paint brush.
one thing an artist uses is	canvas.
one thing that often gets stolen is	send us your answers!.
one thing that often gets stolen is	money.
one thing most burglars never steal during a home robbery is	clothes.
one thing most burglars never steal during a home robbery is	food.
one thing most burglars never steal during a home robbery is	pictures.
one thing most burglars never steal during a home robbery is	refrigerator.
one thing most burglars never steal during a home robbery is	couch.
one thing most burglars never steal during a home robbery is	dishes.
one city that is expensive to live in is	send us your answers!.
one city that is expensive to live in is	new york.
one thing you would see at a football game is	players.
one thing you would see at a football game is	football.
one thing you would see at a football game is	spectators.
one thing you would see at a football game is	goal posts.
one thing you would see at a football game is	cheerleaders.
one thing a man might have a collection of is	baseball cards.
one thing a man might have a collection of is	stamps.
one thing a man might have a collection of is	coins.
one thing a man might have a collection of is	magazines.
one thing a man might have a collection of is	cars.
one sport where the athletes don't look very athletic is	bowling.
one sport where the athletes don't look very athletic is	golf.
one college a good football player would want to go to is	notre dame.
one college a good football player would want to go to is	univ. of miami.
one college a good football player would want to go to is	univ. of michigan.
one college a good football player would want to go to is	u.s.c..
one college a good football player would want to go to is	u.c.l.a..
one college a good football player would want to go to is	florida state.
one college major that ends in "ology" is	biology.
one college major that ends in "ology" is	psychology.
one good food to throw in a food fight is	mashed potato.
one good food to throw in a food fight is	pie.
one sport which is not played in the olympics is	football.
one sport which is not played in the olympics is	motocross.
one sport which is not played in the olympics is	bowling.
one sport which is not played in the olympics is	rugby.
one sport which is not played in the olympics is	racquetball.
one sport which is not played in the olympics is	auto racing.
one thing you have in your house right now that doesn't work is	television.
one thing you have in your house right now that doesn't work is	fan.
one thing you have in your house right now that doesn't work is	clock.
one thing you have in your house right now that doesn't work is	radio.
one thing you have in your house right now that doesn't work is	vcr.
one thing you have in your house right now that doesn't work is	computer.
one reason why you might be driving slower than usual is	traffic.
one reason why you might be driving slower than usual is	accident ahead.
one classic party game that people never get tired of playing is	charades.
one classic party game that people never get tired of playing is	monopoly.
one classic party game that people never get tired of playing is	cards.
one classic party game that people never get tired of playing is	twister.
one classic party game that people never get tired of playing is	scrabble.
one classic party game that people never get tired of playing is	bingo.
one fruit with lots of seeds is	watermelon.
one fruit with lots of seeds is	pomegranate.
one person or something you might get trip ideas from is	send us your answers!.
one person or something you might get trip ideas from is	internet.
one thing that might keep the doctor away is	apple.
one thing that might keep the doctor away is	vitamins.
one thing that might keep the doctor away is	exercise.
one thing that might keep the doctor away is	healthy.
one source of power is	the sun.
one source of power is	combustion.
one source of power is	the wind.
one source of power is	batteries.
one source of power is	water.
one thing about your car that's different when the parking attendant brings it back is	seats moved.
one thing about your car that's different when the parking attendant brings it back is	radio station.
one profession people make mean jokes about is	lawyers.
one profession people make mean jokes about is	teachers.
one profession people make mean jokes about is	actors.
one thing you do when you're bored is	send us your answers!.
one thing you do when you're bored is	watch tv.
one thing that most american people would die for is	country.
one thing that most american people would die for is	freedom.
one thing that most american people would die for is	rights.
one thing that most american people would die for is	family.
one thing a woman should change after her divorce is	name.
one thing a woman should change after her divorce is	bank account.
one thing a woman should change after her divorce is	hairstyle.
one thing a woman should change after her divorce is	address/telephone.
one thing a woman should change after her divorce is	phone number.
one current movie star known for having a great smile is	jim carrey.
one current movie star known for having a great smile is	julia roberts.
one current movie star known for having a great smile is	tom cruise.
one current movie star known for having a great smile is	arnold schwarzenegger.
one current movie star known for having a great smile is	brad pitt.
one current movie star known for having a great smile is	leonardo dicaprio.
the number of times per week that you stay up past 1100pm is	seven.
the number of times per week that you stay up past 1100pm is	five.
the number of times per week that you stay up past 1100pm is	two.
the number of times per week that you stay up past 1100pm is	three.
one occupation where you don't have to look your best is	trash collector.
one occupation where you don't have to look your best is	miner.
one occupation where you don't have to look your best is	construction.
one occupation where you don't have to look your best is	janitor.
one occupation where you don't have to look your best is	telemarketer.
one occupation where you don't have to look your best is	gardener.
one room in your home that's hard to keep clean is	bathroom.
one room in your home that's hard to keep clean is	kitchen.
one room in your home that's hard to keep clean is	bedroom.
one room in your home that's hard to keep clean is	den.
one room in your home that's hard to keep clean is	dining room.
one room in your home that's hard to keep clean is	kids room.
one room in your home that's hard to keep clean is	living room.
one part of a motorcycle that it would be tough to ride without is	seat.
one part of a motorcycle that it would be tough to ride without is	wheels.
one part of a motorcycle that it would be tough to ride without is	handle bars.
one food that makes your whole kitchen smell is	fish.
one food that makes your whole kitchen smell is	onions.
one food that makes your whole kitchen smell is	garlic.
one food that makes your whole kitchen smell is	cabbage.
one food that makes your whole kitchen smell is	cookies.
one thing you'd hate to be wearing when unexpected company arrives is	undies/lingerie.
one thing you'd hate to be wearing when unexpected company arrives is	pajamas/nightgown.
one thing you'd hate to be wearing when unexpected company arrives is	robe.
one thing you'd hate to be wearing when unexpected company arrives is	towel.
one thing you'd hate to be wearing when unexpected company arrives is	birthday suit.
one occupation in which you might have to face booing crowds is	singer.
one occupation in which you might have to face booing crowds is	comedian.
one occupation in which you might have to face booing crowds is	athlete.
one occupation in which you might have to face booing crowds is	politician.
one occupation in which you might have to face booing crowds is	actor.
one non-traditional instrument you might see people playing is	harmonica.
one non-traditional instrument you might see people playing is	harp.
one non-traditional instrument you might see people playing is	banjo.
one non-traditional instrument you might see people playing is	flute.
one non-traditional instrument you might see people playing is	spoons.
one non-traditional instrument you might see people playing is	accordion.
one non-traditional instrument you might see people playing is	bagpipes.
one thing a kid might be afraid of is	the dark.
one thing a kid might be afraid of is	monsters.
one thing a kid might be afraid of is	ghosts.
one thing a kid might be afraid of is	dogs.
one thing a kid might be afraid of is	spiders.
one thing a kid might be afraid of is	clowns.
one famous college that looks impressive on one person's resume is	harvard.
one famous college that looks impressive on one person's resume is	yale.
one famous college that looks impressive on one person's resume is	mit.
one famous college that looks impressive on one person's resume is	notredame.
one famous college that looks impressive on one person's resume is	usc.
one famous college that looks impressive on one person's resume is	princeton.
one person who's famous for having funny-looking hair is	donking.
one person who's famous for having funny-looking hair is	bozo the clown.
one person who's famous for having funny-looking hair is	carrottop.
one person who's famous for having funny-looking hair is	phyllis diller.
one person who's famous for having funny-looking hair is	whoopie goldberg.
one person who's famous for having funny-looking hair is	kramer.
another way to say "go away" is	leave.
another way to say "go away" is	get lost.
another way to say "go away" is	scream.
another way to say "go away" is	shoo.
another way to say "go away" is	bye.
another way to say "go away" is	get out.
one thing you like about your job is	the pay.
one thing you like about your job is	coworkers.
one thing you like about your job is	the hours.
one thing you like about your job is	vacation.
one thing you like about your job is	benefits.
one sport that involves throwing something is	baseball.
one sport that involves throwing something is	football.
one sport that involves throwing something is	javelin.
one sport that involves throwing something is	basketball.
one performer in the circus is	clown.
one performer in the circus is	lion tamer.
one thing you feel for in the dark is	light switch.
one thing you feel for in the dark is	eyeglasses.
one thing you feel for in the dark is	flashlight.
one thing you feel for in the dark is	betterhalf.
one thing you feel for in the dark is	alarm clock.
one thing you feel for in the dark is	bed.
one thing you would eat in mexico is	tacos.
one thing you would eat in mexico is	burritos.
one thing you would eat in mexico is	enchiladas.
one thing you would eat in mexico is	tamales.
one thing you would eat in mexico is	tortillas.
one thing you don't want to find in restaurant food is	hair.
one thing you don't want to find in restaurant food is	fly.
one thing you don't want to find in restaurant food is	roach.
one thing you don't want to find in restaurant food is	rat.
one thing you don't want to find in restaurant food is	dirt.
one business where you hear a lot of people complain about the service is	restaurant.
one business where you hear a lot of people complain about the service is	post office.
one business where you hear a lot of people complain about the service is	bank.
one business where you hear a lot of people complain about the service is	grocery stores.
one business where you hear a lot of people complain about the service is	phone company.
one business where you hear a lot of people complain about the service is	aaa.
one thing specific in a home that might have been neglected by a working mom is	cleaning/dishes.
one thing specific in a home that might have been neglected by a working mom is	laundry/ironing.
one thing specific in a home that might have been neglected by a working mom is	cooking.
one thing specific in a home that might have been neglected by a working mom is	children.
one thing specific in a home that might have been neglected by a working mom is	plants/yard.
one thing specific in a home that might have been neglected by a working mom is	spouse.
one thing men brag they have done many times in their lives is	dated beauties.
one thing men brag they have done many times in their lives is	driven fast.
one thing men brag they have done many times in their lives is	caught big fish.
one thing men brag they have done many times in their lives is	athletic.
one thing a surgeon keeps near them when they work is	scalpel/knife.
one thing a surgeon keeps near them when they work is	stethoscope.
one thing a surgeon keeps near them when they work is	nurse/assistant.
one thing a surgeon keeps near them when they work is	pager/beeper.
one food you only serve on special occasions is	turkey.
one food you only serve on special occasions is	cake.
one food you only serve on special occasions is	caviar.
one food you only serve on special occasions is	roast.
one food you only serve on special occasions is	lobster.
one food you only serve on special occasions is	pudding.
one food you only serve on special occasions is	icecream.
one thing a person wearing a top hat would also probably be wearing is	coat tails.
one thing a person wearing a top hat would also probably be wearing is	tie.
one thing a person wearing a top hat would also probably be wearing is	glasses.
one thing a person wearing a top hat would also probably be wearing is	white gloves.
one thing a person wearing a top hat would also probably be wearing is	shiny shoes.
one thing on the highway that doesn't move is	speed limit sign.
one thing on the highway that doesn't move is	road.
one thing on the highway that doesn't move is	street lines.
one thing on the highway that doesn't move is	guardrail.
one thing that might get bigger the older a person becomes is	stomach.
one thing that might get bigger the older a person becomes is	nose/face.
one thing that might get bigger the older a person becomes is	bottom.
one thing that might get bigger the older a person becomes is	ears/ear lobes.
one thing that might get bigger the older a person becomes is	feet.
one thing that might get bigger the older a person becomes is	bank account.
one thing that grows underwater is	seaweed.
one thing that grows underwater is	coral.
one thing that grows underwater is	fish.
one thing that grows underwater is	algae.
one thing a small child would do as a chore is	wash dishes.
one thing a small child would do as a chore is	cleaning bedroom.
one thing a small child would do as a chore is	take out trash.
one thing a small child would do as a chore is	pick up toys.
one thing a small child would do as a chore is	make the bed.
one thing people have several of each day is	meals.
one thing people have several of each day is	glasses of water.
one thing people have several of each day is	cups of coffee.
one thing people have several of each day is	soft drinks.
one thing people have several of each day is	phone calls.
one thing rich people might sell if they need to raise cash is	jewelry.
one thing rich people might sell if they need to raise cash is	stocks.
one thing rich people might sell if they need to raise cash is	car.
one thing rich people might sell if they need to raise cash is	house.
one thing rich people might sell if they need to raise cash is	artwork.
one thing rich people might sell if they need to raise cash is	boat.
one costume a woman might wear for halloween is	witch.
one costume a woman might wear for halloween is	a cat.
one costume a woman might wear for halloween is	a nurse.
one costume a woman might wear for halloween is	a maid.
one costume a woman might wear for halloween is	wonder woman.
one specific gift people give that they have made themselves is	food.
one specific gift people give that they have made themselves is	sweater.
one specific gift people give that they have made themselves is	card.
one specific gift people give that they have made themselves is	afghan.
one specific gift people give that they have made themselves is	drawing.
one specific gift people give that they have made themselves is	photo album.
one thing you use to kill insects is	pesticide.
one thing you use to kill insects is	fly swatter.
one thing you use to kill insects is	shoes.
one thing you use to kill insects is	newspaper.
one thing you use to kill insects is	hands.
type of event where you often see scalpers outside is	concert.
type of event where you often see scalpers outside is	baseball game.
one thing parents wish a baby could do for himself is	go to bathroom.
one thing parents wish a baby could do for himself is	eat.
one common tool you might find in your garage is	hammer.
one common tool you might find in your garage is	wrench.
one common tool you might find in your garage is	screwdriver.
one common tool you might find in your garage is	lawn mower.
one common tool you might find in your garage is	rake.
one common tool you might find in your garage is	saw.
one common tool you might find in your garage is	shovel.
one thing you buy that would suddenly bring you a lot of new friends is	car.
one thing you buy that would suddenly bring you a lot of new friends is	house/vacation h..
one thing you buy that would suddenly bring you a lot of new friends is	big screen tv.
one thing you buy that would suddenly bring you a lot of new friends is	swimming pool.
one male actor with gray hair who women consider sexy is	sean connery.
one male actor with gray hair who women consider sexy is	richard gere.
one male actor with gray hair who women consider sexy is	george clooney.
one male actor with gray hair who women consider sexy is	clint eastwood.
one male actor with gray hair who women consider sexy is	mel gibson.
one male actor with gray hair who women consider sexy is	burt reynolds.
some people you're nice to even if you don't like them is	in-laws.
some people you're nice to even if you don't like them is	boss.
some people you're nice to even if you don't like them is	animals.
some people you're nice to even if you don't like them is	neighbors.
some people you're nice to even if you don't like them is	police officer.
some people you're nice to even if you don't like them is	friends.
some people you're nice to even if you don't like them is	spouse.
some people you're nice to even if you don't like them is	ex-husband.
one person you'd be embarrassed to be drunk in front of is	parents.
one person you'd be embarrassed to be drunk in front of is	grandmother.
one person you'd be embarrassed to be drunk in front of is	boss.
one thing people criticize about prince charles' new wife, camilla is	her looks/hair.
one thing people criticize about prince charles' new wife, camilla is	frumpy clothes.
one thing people criticize about prince charles' new wife, camilla is	her age.
one thing people criticize about prince charles' new wife, camilla is	"the other woman".
one thing people criticize about prince charles' new wife, camilla is	she's no diana.
one thing people record is	music.
one thing people record is	television shows.
one thing people record is	voice.
one thing people record is	parties.
one thing people record is	births.
one thing people record is	checks.
one food you might find at a barbecue is	ribs.
one food you might find at a barbecue is	chicken.
one food you might find at a barbecue is	hamburgers.
one food you might find at a barbecue is	hot dog.
one food you might find at a barbecue is	potato salad.
one food you might find at a barbecue is	steak.
one food you might find at a barbecue is	baked beans.
one reason a person comes home late from work is	working late.
one reason a person comes home late from work is	stuck in traffic.
one reason a person comes home late from work is	having affair.
one reason a person comes home late from work is	happy hour.
one type of shoe you might not wear socks with is	flip flops.
one type of shoe you might not wear socks with is	sandals.
one type of shoe you might not wear socks with is	slippers.
one type of shoe you might not wear socks with is	moccasins.
one type of shoe you might not wear socks with is	stilettos.
one type of shoe you might not wear socks with is	heels.
one type of shoe you might not wear socks with is	high heels.
one type of shoe you might not wear socks with is	platforms.
one type of shoe you might not wear socks with is	pumps.
one type of shoe you might not wear socks with is	penny loafers.
one type of shoe you might not wear socks with is	loafers.
one type of shoe you might not wear socks with is	clogs.
one thing about getting older you look forward to is	retiring.
one thing about getting older you look forward to is	social security.
one thing about getting older you look forward to is	grandchildren.
one thing about getting older you look forward to is	wisdom.
one thing about getting older you look forward to is	discounts.
one reason kids love summer is	no school.
one reason kids love summer is	swimming.
one reason kids love summer is	sports.
one reason kids love summer is	weather.
one reason people have a garage sale is	get rid of junk.
one reason people have a garage sale is	need money.
one animal that has scales is	fish.
one animal that has scales is	snake.
one animal that has scales is	alligator.
one fruit that does not grow on a tree is	strawberries.
one fruit that does not grow on a tree is	watermelons.
one fruit that does not grow on a tree is	grapes.
one fruit that does not grow on a tree is	tomatoes.
one fruit that does not grow on a tree is	pineapples.
one thing a germaphobe tries not to touch is	toilet.
one thing a germaphobe tries not to touch is	door knob.
one thing a germaphobe tries not to touch is	other people.
one thing a germaphobe tries not to touch is	money.
one thing a germaphobe tries not to touch is	pay phone.
one thing a germaphobe tries not to touch is	sink faucet.
one popular fast food chain is	mcdonald's.
one popular fast food chain is	burger king.
one popular fast food chain is	wendy's.
one popular fast food chain is	kentucky fried c..
one thing people lose on a roller coaster is	money.
one thing people lose on a roller coaster is	their lunch.
one thing people lose on a roller coaster is	hat.
one thing people lose on a roller coaster is	sunglasses.
one thing people lose on a roller coaster is	keys.
one thing people lose on a roller coaster is	shoe.
one thing people lose on a roller coaster is	jewelry.
one thing people stock up on in case of a hurricane is	water.
one thing people stock up on in case of a hurricane is	food.
one occupation in which you might do a lot of digging is	construction.
one occupation in which you might do a lot of digging is	grave digger.
one occupation in which you might do a lot of digging is	gardener.
one occupation in which you might do a lot of digging is	detective.
one occupation in which you might do a lot of digging is	plumber.
one occupation in which you might do a lot of digging is	archeologist.
one food you eat with a spoon is	soup.
one food you eat with a spoon is	cereal.
one food you eat with a spoon is	ice cream.
one food you eat with a spoon is	mashed potatoes.
one state whose natural disasters would make you afraid to live there is	florida.
one state whose natural disasters would make you afraid to live there is	california.
one state whose natural disasters would make you afraid to live there is	new york.
one state whose natural disasters would make you afraid to live there is	alaska.
one famous composer whose music is performed by a symphony orchestra is	beethoven.
one famous composer whose music is performed by a symphony orchestra is	mozart.
one famous composer whose music is performed by a symphony orchestra is	bach.
one famous composer whose music is performed by a symphony orchestra is	tchaikovsky.
one famous composer whose music is performed by a symphony orchestra is	brahms.
one famous composer whose music is performed by a symphony orchestra is	chopin.
one thing one person on a diet might do once every day is	cheating.
one thing one person on a diet might do once every day is	weigh self.
one thing one person on a diet might do once every day is	exercise.
one thing one person on a diet might do once every day is	drink water.
one thing one person on a diet might do once every day is	drink soda.
one thing one person on a diet might do once every day is	drink beer.
one thing which only happens to people once a year is	taxes.
one thing which only happens to people once a year is	vacation.
one thing which only happens to people once a year is	birthday.
one thing which only happens to people once a year is	christmas.
one thing which only happens to people once a year is	new year's.
one thing which only happens to people once a year is	anniversary.
one summer job a lot of teenagers get is	fast food.
one summer job a lot of teenagers get is	mowing lawns.
one summer job a lot of teenagers get is	lifeguard.
one summer job a lot of teenagers get is	babysitter.
one summer job a lot of teenagers get is	paper route.
one summer job a lot of teenagers get is	camp counselor.
one thing about a man's car that he might brag about is	power.
one thing about a man's car that he might brag about is	price.
one thing about a man's car that he might brag about is	stereo.
one thing about a man's car that he might brag about is	tires.
one thing about a man's car that he might brag about is	leather interior.
one animal that you would not like to meet in the wild is	bear.
one animal that you would not like to meet in the wild is	lions.
one animal that you would not like to meet in the wild is	snake.
one animal that you would not like to meet in the wild is	mountain lion.
one animal that you would not like to meet in the wild is	wolf.
one thing you might hang on a hook is	coat.
one thing you might hang on a hook is	picture.
one thing you might hang on a hook is	clothes.
one thing you might hang on a hook is	hat.
one thing you might hang on a hook is	keys.
one place that should never host the summer olympics is	alaska.
one place that should never host the summer olympics is	greenland.
one place that should never host the summer olympics is	canada.
one place that should never host the summer olympics is	iceland.
one place that should never host the summer olympics is	russia.
one thing you'd hate to run out of if you lived in a submarine is	air/oxygen.
one thing you'd hate to run out of if you lived in a submarine is	water.
one thing you'd hate to run out of if you lived in a submarine is	food.
one thing you'd hate to run out of if you lived in a submarine is	toilet paper.
one thing you'd hate to run out of if you lived in a submarine is	deodorant.
one thing you'd hate to run out of if you lived in a submarine is	soap.
one thing in the house teens use for hours at a time is	telephone.
one thing in the house teens use for hours at a time is	computer.
one thing in the house teens use for hours at a time is	television.
one thing in the house teens use for hours at a time is	video game.
one thing people get in shape for is	wedding.
one thing people get in shape for is	summer.
one thing people get in shape for is	school reunion.
one thing people get in shape for is	marathon.
one thing people get in shape for is	health.
one place where you would see lots of flowers is	florist.
one place where you would see lots of flowers is	funeral.
one place where you would see lots of flowers is	garden.
one place where you would see lots of flowers is	wedding.
one place where you would see lots of flowers is	park.
one place where you would see lots of flowers is	church.
one place where you would see lots of flowers is	greenhouse.
one place where you would see lots of flowers is	hospital room.
one person you would send a christmas card to is	parents.
one person you would send a christmas card to is	grandparents.
one person you would send a christmas card to is	friends.
one person you would send a christmas card to is	coworkers.
one person you would send a christmas card to is	santa.
one animal you expect to see at the zoo is	send us your answers!.
one animal you expect to see at the zoo is	monkeys.
one animal you expect to see at the zoo is	tigers.
one action star whose muscles have muscles is	schwarzenegger.
one action star whose muscles have muscles is	sly stallone.
one action star whose muscles have muscles is	"the rock".
one action star whose muscles have muscles is	jean-c. van damme.
one action star whose muscles have muscles is	ll cool j.
one action star whose muscles have muscles is	lou ferrigno/hulk.
one thing you would be grouchy about if you went too long without it is	sleep.
one thing you would be grouchy about if you went too long without it is	food.
one thing you would be grouchy about if you went too long without it is	coffee.
one thing you would be grouchy about if you went too long without it is	cigarettes.
one type of baby food that looks gross but babies love is	peas.
one type of baby food that looks gross but babies love is	peaches.
one type of baby food that looks gross but babies love is	spinach.
one type of baby food that looks gross but babies love is	carrots.
one type of baby food that looks gross but babies love is	bananas.
one thing people say you can never have too many of is	friends.
one thing people say you can never have too many of is	clothes.
one thing people say you can never have too many of is	dollar bills.
one thing people say you can never have too many of is	kids.
one thing people say you can never have too many of is	cars.
one thing you only want to do once is	die.
one thing you only want to do once is	get married.
one thing you only want to do once is	skydive.
one thing you only want to do once is	go on trip.
one thing you only want to do once is	surgery.
one thing you only want to do once is	go to jail.
one thing you only want to do once is	bungee jump.
one reason why a kid becomes uncomfortable in their snowsuit is	too hot.
one reason why a kid becomes uncomfortable in their snowsuit is	snow inside.
one reason why a kid becomes uncomfortable in their snowsuit is	too tight.
one reason why a kid becomes uncomfortable in their snowsuit is	need to use bathroom.
one reason why a kid becomes uncomfortable in their snowsuit is	get an itch.
one reason why a kid becomes uncomfortable in their snowsuit is	can't move/ bulky.
one reason you might suspect your friend is pregnant is	weight gain.
one reason you might suspect your friend is pregnant is	sick.
one historically significant year is	1776.
one historically significant year is	2001.
one historically significant year is	1492.
one historically significant year is	2000.
one historically significant year is	1963.
one historically significant year is	1812.
one thing kids with summer jobs might dream about is	beach.
one thing kids with summer jobs might dream about is	swimming pool.
one thing kids with summer jobs might dream about is	friends.
one thing kids with summer jobs might dream about is	shopping.
one thing kids with summer jobs might dream about is	car.
one thing kids with summer jobs might dream about is	partying.
one thing that carries a big load is	truck.
one thing that carries a big load is	washing machine.
one thing that carries a big load is	freight train.
one thing that carries a big load is	plow.
one thing that carries a big load is	wheelbarrow.
one thing that carries a big load is	mule.
the happiest day in a person's life is	wedding.
the happiest day in a person's life is	birth of a child.
the happiest day in a person's life is	debt free.
the happiest day in a person's life is	winning the lottery.
the happiest day in a person's life is	christmas.
the happiest day in a person's life is	graduation.
one place a teenager complains about having to go is	school/college.
one place a teenager complains about having to go is	church.
one place a teenager complains about having to go is	family function.
one place a teenager complains about having to go is	dentist/doctor.
one place a teenager complains about having to go is	work.
one place a teenager complains about having to go is	grocery store.
one thing a gardener might cut while he's on the job is	grass.
one thing a gardener might cut while he's on the job is	shrubs.
one thing a gardener might cut while he's on the job is	weeds.
one thing a gardener might cut while he's on the job is	flowers.
one thing a gardener might cut while he's on the job is	hand.
one thing a gardener might cut while he's on the job is	trees.
one word you should never say, even jokingly, when you're at an airport is	bomb.
one word you should never say, even jokingly, when you're at an airport is	gun.
one word you should never say, even jokingly, when you're at an airport is	hijack.
one word you should never say, even jokingly, when you're at an airport is	fire.
one word you should never say, even jokingly, when you're at an airport is	terrorist.
one thing teenagers pretend not to hear their parents say is	clean room/do chores.
one thing teenagers pretend not to hear their parents say is	be home by curfew.
one thing teenagers pretend not to hear their parents say is	no.
one thing teenagers pretend not to hear their parents say is	go to bed.
one thing teenagers pretend not to hear their parents say is	do your homework.
one thing teenagers pretend not to hear their parents say is	you're grounded.
one rock star who is old enough to be a grandpa is	mick jagger.
one rock star who is old enough to be a grandpa is	rod stewart.
one rock star who is old enough to be a grandpa is	bruce springsteen.
one rock star who is old enough to be a grandpa is	paul mccartney.
one rock star who is old enough to be a grandpa is	phil collins.
one thing (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price is	gasoline.
one thing (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price is	clothes.
one thing (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price is	cars.
one thing (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price is	toilet paper.
one thing (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price is	cigarettes.
one thing (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price is	soap.
one thing (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price is	jewelry.
one thing that keeps people safe is	police officer.
one thing that keeps people safe is	security alarm.
one thing that keeps people safe is	seat belts.
one thing that keeps people safe is	guns.
one thing that keeps people safe is	locks.
one thing people aren't allowed to do at the beach but some do anyway is	get nude/topless.
one thing people aren't allowed to do at the beach but some do anyway is	drink alcohol.
one thing people aren't allowed to do at the beach but some do anyway is	smoke.
one thing people aren't allowed to do at the beach but some do anyway is	make love.
one thing people aren't allowed to do at the beach but some do anyway is	bring their pets.
one thing people put a padlock on is	backyard shed.
one thing people put a padlock on is	garden shed.
one thing people put a padlock on is	shed.
one thing people put a padlock on is	locker.
one thing people put a padlock on is	bike.
one thing people put a padlock on is	bicycle.
one thing people put a padlock on is	cycle.
one thing people put a padlock on is	the door.
one thing people put a padlock on is	door.
one thing people put a padlock on is	entrance.
one thing people put a padlock on is	strongbox.
one thing people put a padlock on is	safe.
one thing people put a padlock on is	vault.
one thing people put a padlock on is	coffer.
one thing people put a padlock on is	chest.
one thing people put a padlock on is	gate.
one thing people put a padlock on is	carport.
one thing people put a padlock on is	garage.
one thing people plan in advance is	vacation.
one thing people plan in advance is	wedding day.
one thing people plan in advance is	retirement.
one thing people plan in advance is	dinner party.
one thing eaten at a luau is	pork.
one thing eaten at a luau is	pineapple.
one thing a woman loses that makes her cry when she finds it is	ring.
one thing a woman loses that makes her cry when she finds it is	child.
one thing a woman loses that makes her cry when she finds it is	weight.
one thing a woman loses that makes her cry when she finds it is	photograph.
one thing a woman loses that makes her cry when she finds it is	purse.
one thing a woman loses that makes her cry when she finds it is	love.
one thing that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun is	games.
one thing that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun is	pool.
one thing that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun is	people.
one thing that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun is	dark.
one thing that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun is	mirrors.
one thing that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun is	no rules.
one thing that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun is	food.
one thing that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun is	parties.
one bug that makes some women scream is	spider.
one bug that makes some women scream is	cockroach.
one bug that makes some women scream is	bee.
one bug that makes some women scream is	rats.
one thing that moves very slowly is	turtles.
one thing that moves very slowly is	snails.
one thing that moves very slowly is	sloths.
one thing that moves very slowly is	old people.
one thing that moves very slowly is	worms.
one costume adults like to wear on halloween is	witch.
one costume adults like to wear on halloween is	dracula.
one costume adults like to wear on halloween is	french maid.
one costume adults like to wear on halloween is	ghost.
one costume adults like to wear on halloween is	devil.
one costume adults like to wear on halloween is	pirate.
one costume adults like to wear on halloween is	nurse.
one thing you spend more money on the older you get is	healthcare.
one thing you spend more money on the older you get is	clothes/shoes.
one thing you spend more money on the older you get is	cars.
one thing you spend more money on the older you get is	travel/vacation.
one sport that requires you to hit something is	baseball.
one sport that requires you to hit something is	boxing.
one sport that requires you to hit something is	hockey.
one sport that requires you to hit something is	golf.
one sport that requires you to hit something is	tennis.
one sport that requires you to hit something is	football.
one thing that heats up when you turn it on is	stove/oven.
one thing that heats up when you turn it on is	heater.
one thing that heats up when you turn it on is	iron.
one thing that heats up when you turn it on is	tea kettle.
one thing that heats up when you turn it on is	coffee pot.
one thing specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look" is	cry.
one thing specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look" is	curse.
one thing specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look" is	scream/tantrum.
one thing specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look" is	talk back.
one thing specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look" is	lie.
one thing specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look" is	break something.
one thing specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look" is	fight with siblings.
one thing people use a coupon for is	groceries.
one thing people use a coupon for is	health and beauty.
one thing people do on a tropical getaway is	sunbathe.
one thing people do on a tropical getaway is	relax.
one thing people do on a tropical getaway is	swim.
one thing people do on a tropical getaway is	cocktails.
one thing people do on a tropical getaway is	snorkel.
one thing people own that they brag about being really big is	house/property.
one thing people own that they brag about being really big is	car.
one thing people own that they brag about being really big is	tv.
one thing people own that they brag about being really big is	money/bank acc't.
one thing people own that they brag about being really big is	boat.
one thing people own that they brag about being really big is	body parts.
one activity you see people doing in their backyard is	barbecuing.
one activity you see people doing in their backyard is	gardening.
one activity you see people doing in their backyard is	mowing lawn.
one activity you see people doing in their backyard is	play games/sports.
one activity you see people doing in their backyard is	swimming.
one activity you see people doing in their backyard is	raking leaves.
one activity you see people doing in their backyard is	sunbathing.
one fitness expert is	richard simmons.
one fitness expert is	jillian michaels.
one fitness expert is	jack lalanne.
one fitness expert is	chuck norris.
one fitness expert is	billy blanks.
one device with buttons that you don't want kids to get a hold of is	remote control.
one device with buttons that you don't want kids to get a hold of is	phone.
one thing on your face that you have two of is	eyes.
one thing on your face that you have two of is	nasal cavities.
one thing on your face that you have two of is	nostrils.
one thing on your face that you have two of is	big ears.
one thing on your face that you have two of is	ears.
one thing on your face that you have two of is	rabbit ears.
one thing on your face that you have two of is	lips.
one place where you have used a lot of excuses is	work.
one place where you have used a lot of excuses is	school.
one place where you have used a lot of excuses is	doctor/dentist.
one place where you have used a lot of excuses is	bar.
one country that makes the best beer is	germany.
one country that makes the best beer is	australia.
one country that makes the best beer is	belgium.
one country that makes the best beer is	mexico.
one country that makes the best beer is	ireland.
one thing in your house that's over fifty years old is	me.
one thing in your house that's over fifty years old is	furniture.
one thing in your house that's over fifty years old is	nothing.
one thing in your house that's over fifty years old is	spouse.
one thing in your house that's over fifty years old is	parents.
one thing in your house that's over fifty years old is	house.
one woman's name that is only 3 letters is	ann.
one woman's name that is only 3 letters is	sue.
one woman's name that is only 3 letters is	amy.
one woman's name that is only 3 letters is	eve.
one woman's name that is only 3 letters is	pam.
one woman's name that is only 3 letters is	mia.
one woman's name that is only 3 letters is	kim.
one exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do is	jumping jacks.
one exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do is	yoga.
one exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do is	squats.
one exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do is	skipping.
one exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do is	jogging.
one exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do is	sit ups.
one exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do is	splits.
one fruit you don't need to peel to eat is	apples.
one fruit you don't need to peel to eat is	grapes.
one fruit you don't need to peel to eat is	strawberries.
one fruit you don't need to peel to eat is	peaches.
one fruit you don't need to peel to eat is	cherries.
one celebrity who's a good role model is	tom hanks.
one celebrity who's a good role model is	neil patrick harris.
one celebrity who's a good role model is	dwayne johnson.
one celebrity who's a good role model is	denzel washington.
one popular brand of men's underwear is	hanes.
one popular brand of men's underwear is	fruit of the loom.
one thing that can destroy a city is	bomb.
one thing that can destroy a city is	hurricane.
one thing that can destroy a city is	tsunami.
one thing that can destroy a city is	earthquake.
one thing that can destroy a city is	fire.
one thing that can destroy a city is	godzilla.
one thing that is sticky is	glue.
one thing that is sticky is	gum.
one thing that is sticky is	candy.
one thing that is sticky is	honey.
one thing that is sticky is	syrup.
one thing that is sticky is	tape.
one thing that is sticky is	peanut butter.
one beast of burden is	donkey.
one beast of burden is	ox.
one beast of burden is	mule.
one beast of burden is	horse.
one beast of burden is	elephant.
one beast of burden is	camel.
one thing that people buy for themselves that they try to hide as a business expense is	meals/restaurant.
one thing that people buy for themselves that they try to hide as a business expense is	car/gasoline.
one thing that people buy for themselves that they try to hide as a business expense is	computer.
one thing that people buy for themselves that they try to hide as a business expense is	office supplies.
one thing that people buy for themselves that they try to hide as a business expense is	clothes/uniform.
one thing that people buy for themselves that they try to hide as a business expense is	trip/vacation.
one thing you can eat on a bun is	hot dog.
one thing you can eat on a bun is	hamburger.
one thing that was bigger in the 1970s is	hair.
one thing that was bigger in the 1970s is	cars.
one thing that was bigger in the 1970s is	disco.
one thing that was bigger in the 1970s is	bell bottoms.
one ingredient that is gross on its own, but makes desserts delicious is	cinnamon.
one ingredient that is gross on its own, but makes desserts delicious is	vanilla.
one ingredient that is gross on its own, but makes desserts delicious is	cocoa powder.
one ingredient that is gross on its own, but makes desserts delicious is	butter.
one famous movie about a dog is	lassie.
one famous movie about a dog is	beethoven.
one famous movie about a dog is	old yeller.
one famous movie about a dog is	benji.
one famous movie about a dog is	air bud.
one thing you expect people to do at halloween, but not at christmas is	wear costumes.
one thing you expect people to do at halloween, but not at christmas is	trick or treat.
one occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives is	mailman.
one occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives is	plumber.
one occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives is	ups/deliveryman.
one occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives is	milkman.
one occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives is	construction.
one occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives is	salesman.
one occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives is	pool man.
one occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives is	cable guy.
one thing every person in america should be able to afford is	housing.
one thing every person in america should be able to afford is	healthcare/drugs.
one thing every person in america should be able to afford is	car.
one thing every person in america should be able to afford is	food.
one thing every person in america should be able to afford is	education.
one thing every person in america should be able to afford is	tv.
one thing you do to keep your cool when you're upset is	breath.
one thing you do to keep your cool when you're upset is	count to 10.
one thing you do to keep your cool when you're upset is	walk.
one thing you do to keep your cool when you're upset is	listen to music.
one thing you wouldn't want to buy at a thrift store is	underwear.
one thing you wouldn't want to buy at a thrift store is	bed.
one thing you wouldn't want to buy at a thrift store is	food.
one thing you wouldn't want to buy at a thrift store is	shoes.
one household chore that you feel like you're contantly doing is	dishes.
one household chore that you feel like you're contantly doing is	laundry.
one household chore that you feel like you're contantly doing is	dusting.
one household chore that you feel like you're contantly doing is	sweeping.
one household chore that you feel like you're contantly doing is	vacuuming.
one household chore that you feel like you're contantly doing is	cooking.
one thing you do while your friend drives is	talk.
one thing you do while your friend drives is	listen to radio.
one thing you do while your friend drives is	look out window.
one thing you do while your friend drives is	give directions.
one thing you do while your friend drives is	sleep.
one thing you do while your friend drives is	read.
one thing that would be hard to do without moving your lips is	talk.
one thing that would be hard to do without moving your lips is	eat.
one thing that would be hard to do without moving your lips is	kiss.
one thing that would be hard to do without moving your lips is	sing.
one south american country is	brazil.
one south american country is	argentina.
one south american country is	colombia.
one south american country is	peru.
one thing people complain about is	weather.
one thing people complain about is	work.
one thing people complain about is	money.
one thing people complain about is	bills.
one thing people complain about is	broke.
one thing pirates are famous for is	robbery.
one thing pirates are famous for is	treasure.
one thing pirates are famous for is	eye patch.
one thing pirates are famous for is	walking plank.
one thing pirates are famous for is	skull & crossbones.
one thing pirates are famous for is	wooden leg.
one thing women have to compete with for their husband's attention is	tv.
one thing women have to compete with for their husband's attention is	sports.
one thing women have to compete with for their husband's attention is	work.
one thing women have to compete with for their husband's attention is	reading.
one thing women have to compete with for their husband's attention is	kids.
one thing women have to compete with for their husband's attention is	friends.
one thing women have to compete with for their husband's attention is	car.
one thing women have to compete with for their husband's attention is	computer.
one thing women have to compete with for their husband's attention is	fishing.
one thing women have to compete with for their husband's attention is	gardening.
one thing you keep within reach when watching television is	remote control.
one thing you keep within reach when watching television is	telephone.
one thing you keep within reach when watching television is	snack/drink.
one thing you keep within reach when watching television is	cigarette.
one thing that is not all that it is cracked up to be is	marriage.
one thing that is not all that it is cracked up to be is	growing up.
one thing that is not all that it is cracked up to be is	working.
one thing that is not all that it is cracked up to be is	life.
one thing that is not all that it is cracked up to be is	movies.
one thing that is not all that it is cracked up to be is	fame.
one thing that is not all that it is cracked up to be is	college.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	football.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	golf.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	field.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	hockey.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	sports.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	competitions.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	matches.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	track.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	games.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	baseball.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	athletics.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	basketball.
one subject people know lots of trivia about is	soccer.
one thing you keep in your car in case of emergency is	flashlight.
one thing you keep in your car in case of emergency is	jumper cables.
one thing you keep in your car in case of emergency is	blankets.
one thing you keep in your car in case of emergency is	first-aid kit.
one thing you keep in your car in case of emergency is	mobile phone.
one thing you keep in your car in case of emergency is	spare tire.
one thing protestors burn to make a point is	flag.
one thing protestors burn to make a point is	books.
one thing protestors burn to make a point is	sign.
one thing protestors burn to make a point is	cars.
one thing protestors burn to make a point is	pictures.
one thing protestors burn to make a point is	wood.
one thing you might find in a parent's room is	money.
one thing you might find in a parent's room is	television.
one thing you might find in a parent's room is	pictures.
one thing you might find in a parent's room is	bed.
one thing you might find in a parent's room is	jewelry.
one thing people overdo is	makeup.
one thing people overdo is	exercising.
one thing people overdo is	eating.
one thing people overdo is	working.
one thing specific that you've lost more than once is	keys.
one thing specific that you've lost more than once is	watch/jewelry.
one thing specific that you've lost more than once is	money.
one thing specific that you've lost more than once is	weight.
one thing specific that you've lost more than once is	wallet/purse.
one thing kids do on a saturday morning that parents wish they could spend the morning doing is	watch cartoons.
one thing kids do on a saturday morning that parents wish they could spend the morning doing is	sleep in.
one thing kids do on a saturday morning that parents wish they could spend the morning doing is	play/leisure time.
one thing you do to avoid smelling an odor is	plug nose.
one thing you do to avoid smelling an odor is	hold breath.
one thing you do to avoid smelling an odor is	spray fragrance.
one thing you do to avoid smelling an odor is	open window.
one thing parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education is	new car.
one thing parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education is	clothes.
one thing parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education is	new house.
one thing parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education is	vacation.
one thing parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education is	toys.
one thing parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education is	food.
one thing parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education is	television.
one place you walk barefoot is	beaches.
one place you walk barefoot is	home.
one place you walk barefoot is	parks.
one place you walk barefoot is	health club.
one thing sold on a street corner is	food.
one thing sold on a street corner is	newspaper.
one thing sold on a street corner is	jewelry.
one thing sold on a street corner is	flowers.
one thing sold on a street corner is	shirts.
one thing sold on a street corner is	watches.
one thing a parent might do if their kid's pet goldfish dies is	flush down toilet.
one thing a parent might do if their kid's pet goldfish dies is	buy a new one.
one thing a parent might do if their kid's pet goldfish dies is	give it a funeral.
one thing a parent might do if their kid's pet goldfish dies is	bury it.
one thing a parent might do if their kid's pet goldfish dies is	cry.
one thing you might knit is	sweater.
one thing you might knit is	scarf.
one thing you might knit is	socks.
one thing you might knit is	hat.
one reason you might switch doctors is	bedside manner.
one reason you might switch doctors is	moved.
one reason you might switch doctors is	incompetence.
one reason you might switch doctors is	wait time.
one reason you might switch doctors is	second opinion.
one thing you might do on a sunny day that you'd never do on a rainy day is	sunbathe.
one thing you might do on a sunny day that you'd never do on a rainy day is	go to beach.
one thing you might do on a sunny day that you'd never do on a rainy day is	go swimming.
one thing you might do on a sunny day that you'd never do on a rainy day is	mow lawn.
one thing you might do on a sunny day that you'd never do on a rainy day is	take a walk.
one household chore you refuse to do is	clean the bathroom.
one household chore you refuse to do is	take out the trash.
one household chore you refuse to do is	clean the windows.
one household chore you refuse to do is	wash dishes.
one household chore you refuse to do is	laundry.
one household chore you refuse to do is	scrub floor.
one thing you wear to bed is	pajamas.
one thing you wear to bed is	underwear.
one thing you wear to bed is	night gown.
one thing you wear to bed is	socks.
one thing you wear to bed is	shirt.
one thing your house might smell like around the holidays is	cookies.
one thing your house might smell like around the holidays is	tree.
one thing valuable that people should never leave in plain sight in the car is	purse.
one thing valuable that people should never leave in plain sight in the car is	money.
one thing valuable that people should never leave in plain sight in the car is	wallet.
one thing valuable that people should never leave in plain sight in the car is	mobile phone.
one thing valuable that people should never leave in plain sight in the car is	laptop.
one thing valuable that people should never leave in plain sight in the car is	ipod.
one holiday that's no day off for salespeople is	labor day.
one holiday that's no day off for salespeople is	christmas.
one holiday that's no day off for salespeople is	fourth of july.
one holiday that's no day off for salespeople is	thanksgiving.
one holiday that's no day off for salespeople is	new year's day.
one holiday that's no day off for salespeople is	memorial day.
one holiday that's no day off for salespeople is	president's day.
one holiday that's no day off for salespeople is	valentine's day.
one thing with the word "band" in it is	bandage.
one thing with the word "band" in it is	rubber band.
one thing with the word "band" in it is	band-aid.
one thing with the word "band" in it is	marching band.
one thing with the word "band" in it is	wedding band.
one thing with the word "band" in it is	bandstand.
one thing you'd hate discover you didn't have a clean one of, in the whole house is	clothes.
one thing you'd hate discover you didn't have a clean one of, in the whole house is	dish.
one thing you'd hate discover you didn't have a clean one of, in the whole house is	tower.
one thing you'd hate discover you didn't have a clean one of, in the whole house is	bathroom.
one thing you'd hate discover you didn't have a clean one of, in the whole house is	glass.
one thing you'd hate discover you didn't have a clean one of, in the whole house is	silverware.
one thing kids get yelled at for sticking their fingers in is	food.
one thing kids get yelled at for sticking their fingers in is	electrical socket.
one thing kids get yelled at for sticking their fingers in is	nose.
one thing kids get yelled at for sticking their fingers in is	fan.
one thing kids get yelled at for sticking their fingers in is	fire.
one thing kids get yelled at for sticking their fingers in is	ear.
one thing your dog would eat if you let him is	people food.
one thing your dog would eat if you let him is	poop.
one thing your dog would eat if you let him is	anything.
one thing your dog would eat if you let him is	shoes.
one thing your dog would eat if you let him is	furniture.
one thing your dog would eat if you let him is	bone.
one thing you might see in a wealthy person's house is	butler.
one thing you might see in a wealthy person's house is	chandelier.
one thing you might see in a wealthy person's house is	jacuzzi.
one thing you might see in a wealthy person's house is	gym.
one thing people drink that's red is	red wine.
one thing people drink that's red is	kool-aid.
one thing people drink that's red is	cranberry juice.
one thing people drink that's red is	fruit punch.
one thing people drink that's red is	tomato juice.
one thing you'd like to be hypnotized to stop doing is	smoking.
one thing you'd like to be hypnotized to stop doing is	overeating.
one thing you'd like to be hypnotized to stop doing is	drinking.
one thing you'd like to be hypnotized to stop doing is	snoring.
one article of clothing that can be buckled is	belt.
one article of clothing that can be buckled is	pants.
one thing you hate about your job is	the hours.
one thing you hate about your job is	boss.
one thing you hate about your job is	the pay.
one thing you hate about your job is	going.
one thing you hate about your job is	coworkers.
one thing you hate about your job is	boring.
one thing a woman usually has more of than a man has is	clothes.
one thing a woman usually has more of than a man has is	hair.
one thing a woman usually has more of than a man has is	curves.
one thing a woman usually has more of than a man has is	patience.
one thing a woman usually has more of than a man has is	money.
one thing a woman usually has more of than a man has is	compassion.
one thing a woman usually has more of than a man has is	common sense.
one reason why one person might start sweating is	stress.
one reason why one person might start sweating is	heat.
one reason why one person might start sweating is	exercise.
one reason why one person might start sweating is	change.
one reason why one person might start sweating is	hard work.
one reason why one person might start sweating is	embarrassed.
one animal that doesn't have a leg to stand on is	snake.
one animal that doesn't have a leg to stand on is	fish.
one animal that doesn't have a leg to stand on is	whale.
one animal that doesn't have a leg to stand on is	seal.
one animal that doesn't have a leg to stand on is	worm.
one animal that doesn't have a leg to stand on is	dolphin.
one thing you can get a traffic ticket for is	speeding.
one thing you can get a traffic ticket for is	running a red light.
one thing you can get a traffic ticket for is	no seat belt.
one thing you can get a traffic ticket for is	on the phone.
one thing jay leno has more of than the average man is	chin.
one thing jay leno has more of than the average man is	money.
one thing jay leno has more of than the average man is	cars.
one place you would find a water fountain is	park.
one place you would find a water fountain is	school.
one thing people who are at a casino do with dice right before they roll them is	blow on them.
one thing people who are at a casino do with dice right before they roll them is	kiss them.
one thing people who are at a casino do with dice right before they roll them is	shake them.
one thing people who are at a casino do with dice right before they roll them is	spit on them.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	cutlery.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	utensils.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	flatware.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	spoons.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	forks.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	silverware.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	knives.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	pint glasses.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	wine glasses.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	mugs.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	cups.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	flutes.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	glass.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	goblets.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	saucer.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	plate.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	serviette.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	towelette.
one thing a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant is	napkin.
one thing you put on a bed is	sheets.
one thing you put on a bed is	pillows.
one thing you put on a bed is	comforter.
one thing you put on a bed is	chocolate.
one thing people roll up is	sleeves.
one thing people roll up is	newspaper/mag..
one thing people roll up is	carpet/rug.
one thing people roll up is	money/coins.
one thing people roll up is	cigarette.
one thing people roll up is	joint.
one vegetable that is white is	onion.
one vegetable that is white is	turnip.
one vegetable that is white is	potato.
one vegetable that is white is	parsnip.
one vegetable that is white is	cauliflower.
one vegetable that is white is	coconut.
one vegetable that is white is	mushroom.
one thing from your bathroom that you might bring on a camping trip is	toothbrush.
one thing from your bathroom that you might bring on a camping trip is	paper.
one thing from your bathroom that you might bring on a camping trip is	tp.
one thing from your bathroom that you might bring on a camping trip is	toilet paper.
one thing from your bathroom that you might bring on a camping trip is	bathroom tissue.
one food that's sloppy to eat is	sloppy joes.
one food that's sloppy to eat is	spaghetti.
one food that's sloppy to eat is	soup/chili.
one food that's sloppy to eat is	ribs.
one food that's sloppy to eat is	pizza.
one job that requires a lot of communication is	customer service.
one job that requires a lot of communication is	teacher.
one job that requires a lot of communication is	receptionist.
one job that requires a lot of communication is	doctor.
one job that requires a lot of communication is	lawyer.
one room that might have a chair in it is	lounge.
one room that might have a chair in it is	dining room.
one room that might have a chair in it is	kitchen.
one room that might have a chair in it is	study.
one thing you read every day without fail is	paper/horoscope.
one thing you read every day without fail is	bible/book.
one thing you read every day without fail is	the mail.
one thing you read every day without fail is	magazine.
one thing you read every day without fail is	street signs.
one thing you read every day without fail is	the cereal box.
one instrument you might hear in a rock band is	guitar.
one instrument you might hear in a rock band is	drums.
one thing a baby does that you don't have to teach him is	cry.
one thing a baby does that you don't have to teach him is	crawl.
one thing a baby does that you don't have to teach him is	eat/nurse.
one thing a baby does that you don't have to teach him is	go poo-poo.
one thing your child might do to annoy you is	cry.
one thing your child might do to annoy you is	whine.
one thing your child might do to annoy you is	slam door.
one thing your child might do to annoy you is	scream.
one thing your child might do to annoy you is	tantrum.
one thing your child might do to annoy you is	repeat what i say.
one thing you might learn how to make in shop class is	birdhouse.
one thing you might learn how to make in shop class is	bookshelf.
one thing you might learn how to make in shop class is	dresser.
one thing you might learn how to make in shop class is	candlestick.
one type of test that people are nervous to get the results for is	pregnancy.
one type of test that people are nervous to get the results for is	blood.
one type of test that people are nervous to get the results for is	standardized.
one type of test that people are nervous to get the results for is	driver.
the american city you think has the rudest people is	new york.
the american city you think has the rudest people is	los angeles.
the american city you think has the rudest people is	boston.
the american city you think has the rudest people is	chicago.
one kind of pet you had during your childhood is	dog.
one kind of pet you had during your childhood is	cat.
one kind of pet you had during your childhood is	bird.
one kind of pet you had during your childhood is	turtle.
one kind of pet you had during your childhood is	hamster.
one kind of pet you had during your childhood is	rabbit.
one kind of pet you had during your childhood is	goldfish.
one thing rich people love to spend their money on is	cars.
one thing rich people love to spend their money on is	vacations.
one thing rich people love to spend their money on is	clothes.
one thing rich people love to spend their money on is	jewelry.
one thing rich people love to spend their money on is	themselves.
one thing rich people love to spend their money on is	boats.
one thing that's just plain rude to show up late for is	wedding.
one thing that's just plain rude to show up late for is	work/interview.
one thing that's just plain rude to show up late for is	dinner.
one thing that's just plain rude to show up late for is	funeral.
one thing that's just plain rude to show up late for is	party.
one thing that's just plain rude to show up late for is	church.
one thing that's just plain rude to show up late for is	theater/show.
one thing you might give as a wedding gift is	money.
one thing you might give as a wedding gift is	chinaware.
one thing you might give as a wedding gift is	toasters.
one thing you might give as a wedding gift is	blender.
one thing you might give as a wedding gift is	gift certificates.
one sport where people say 'good shot' is	golf.
one sport where people say 'good shot' is	cricket.
one sport where people say 'good shot' is	tennis.
one sport where people say 'good shot' is	netball.
one sport where people say 'good shot' is	basketball.
one sport where people say 'good shot' is	darts.
one reason why a baby might be cranky is	hungry.
one reason why a baby might be cranky is	tired.
one reason why a baby might be cranky is	teething.
one reason why a baby might be cranky is	dirty diapers.
one reason why a baby might be cranky is	gas.
one reason why a baby might be cranky is	sick.
one thing you would find at a tennis match is	balls.
one thing you would find at a tennis match is	rackets.
one thing you would find at a tennis match is	players.
one thing you would find at a tennis match is	net.
one thing you would find at a tennis match is	spectators.
one thing you would wear in the winter but not in the summer is	coat.
one thing you would wear in the winter but not in the summer is	gloves.
one thing you would wear in the winter but not in the summer is	boots.
one thing you would wear in the winter but not in the summer is	scarves.
one thing you would wear in the winter but not in the summer is	long jogns.
one thing a dog likes to play with is	ball.
one thing a dog likes to play with is	chewing bone.
one thing a dog likes to play with is	toys.
one thing a dog likes to play with is	frisbee.
one thing a dog likes to play with is	shoes.
one thing money can't buy is	love.
one thing money can't buy is	happiness.
one thing money can't buy is	health.
one thing money can't buy is	trust.
one thing money can't buy is	respect.
one animal that carries its babies is	kangaroo.
one animal that carries its babies is	possum.
one animal that carries its babies is	cat.
one animal that carries its babies is	ape.
one animal that carries its babies is	dog.
one thing your parents would look for in your date is	money.
one thing your parents would look for in your date is	manners.
one thing your parents would look for in your date is	job.
one thing your parents would look for in your date is	looks.
one thing your parents would look for in your date is	maturity.
one thing your parents would look for in your date is	education.
one thing people wear too much of is	cologne.
one thing people wear too much of is	makeup.
one thing people wear too much of is	hair spray.
one thing people wear too much of is	jewelry.
one person people confess crimes to is	priest.
one person people confess crimes to is	friends.
one person people confess crimes to is	police officer.
one person people confess crimes to is	lawyer.
one person people confess crimes to is	judge.
one person people confess crimes to is	family.
one thing you might put in a picnic basket is	sandwiches.
one thing you might put in a picnic basket is	wine.
one thing you might put in a picnic basket is	plates.
one thing you might put in a picnic basket is	blanket.
one thing you might put in a picnic basket is	napkins.
one thing you might put in a picnic basket is	cuttery.
one public place where there's always at least one baby crying is	mall.
one public place where there's always at least one baby crying is	church.
one public place where there's always at least one baby crying is	restaurant.
one public place where there's always at least one baby crying is	movie.
one public place where there's always at least one baby crying is	airport.
one public place where there's always at least one baby crying is	hospital.
one public place where there's always at least one baby crying is	park.
one sport women enjoy watching more than men is	tennis.
one sport women enjoy watching more than men is	ice skating.
one sport women enjoy watching more than men is	gymnastics.
one sport women enjoy watching more than men is	volley ball.
one sport women enjoy watching more than men is	basketball.
one sport women enjoy watching more than men is	golf.
one place where one person gives their car to a stranger is	restaurant.
one place where one person gives their car to a stranger is	auto mechanic.
one place where one person gives their car to a stranger is	car wash.
one place where one person gives their car to a stranger is	hotel.
one thing that reminds you of new orleans is	mardi gras/beads.
one thing that reminds you of new orleans is	jazz/music.
one thing that reminds you of new orleans is	cajun food.
one thing that reminds you of new orleans is	bourbon street.
one thing a kid brings in for show and tell is	pet.
one thing a kid brings in for show and tell is	toy.
one thing a kid brings in for show and tell is	stuffed animal.
one thing a kid brings in for show and tell is	doll.
one thing that requires a lot of practice is	musical instrument.
one thing that requires a lot of practice is	ice skating.
one thing that requires a lot of practice is	knitting.
one thing that requires a lot of practice is	cooking.
one thing that requires a lot of practice is	dancing.
one food that is messy to eat is	sloppy joes.
one food that is messy to eat is	spaghetti.
one food that is messy to eat is	tacos.
one food that is messy to eat is	ribs.
one thing your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage is	pictures.
one thing your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage is	first spouse.
one thing your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage is	fights.
one thing your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage is	home videos.
one thing your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage is	kids.
one thing your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage is	affair.
one thing your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage is	ring.
one occupation that should only be done by very smart people is	doctor.
one occupation that should only be done by very smart people is	lawyer.
one occupation that should only be done by very smart people is	scientist.
one occupation that should only be done by very smart people is	accountant.
one occupation that should only be done by very smart people is	teacher.
one occupation that should only be done by very smart people is	president.
one way you can tell there's one person at your front door is	door bell.
one way you can tell there's one person at your front door is	knock.
one thing people might trip over is	cables.
one thing people might trip over is	shoes.
one thing people might trip over is	carpet.
one thing people might trip over is	toys.
one thing people might trip over is	pets.
one thing people might trip over is	stairs.
one thing you would not like to get while trick or treating is	apple.
one thing you would not like to get while trick or treating is	toothbrush.
one thing you would not like to get while trick or treating is	vegetables.
one thing you would not like to get while trick or treating is	bad candy.
one thing you would not like to get while trick or treating is	trick.
one thing you would not like to get while trick or treating is	rocks.
one place that's meant for kids but parents love it too is	the park.
one place that's meant for kids but parents love it too is	disney/theme park.
one place that's meant for kids but parents love it too is	the zoo.
one place that's meant for kids but parents love it too is	chuck e cheese.
one place that's meant for kids but parents love it too is	the circus.
one place in the house where people store old clothes is	basement.
one place in the house where people store old clothes is	attic.
one thing you might line up for at a cinema is	popcorn.
one thing you might line up for at a cinema is	tickets.
one thing you might line up for at a cinema is	movie.
one thing you might line up for at a cinema is	icecream.
one place you see men crying is	funeral.
one place you see men crying is	sporting event.
one place you see men crying is	hospital.
one place you see men crying is	home.
one place you see men crying is	church.
one place you see men crying is	wedding.
one thing a man pretends to like to impress a crush is	romantic comedies.
one thing a man pretends to like to impress a crush is	clothes.
one thing a man pretends to like to impress a crush is	children.
one thing a man pretends to like to impress a crush is	music.
one thing you should stop eating if you want to lose weight is	candy.
one thing you should stop eating if you want to lose weight is	hamburgers.
one thing you should stop eating if you want to lose weight is	cake.
one thing you should stop eating if you want to lose weight is	ice cream.
one thing you should stop eating if you want to lose weight is	bread.
one thing you should stop eating if you want to lose weight is	chips.
one thing that whistles is	teakettle.
one thing that whistles is	train.
one thing that whistles is	bird.
one thing that whistles is	a person.
one thing a really lazy person might get their dog to fetch for them is	paper.
one thing a really lazy person might get their dog to fetch for them is	slippers.
one thing a really lazy person might get their dog to fetch for them is	remote.
one thing a really lazy person might get their dog to fetch for them is	beer.
one thing a really lazy person might get their dog to fetch for them is	shoes.
one reason why a person might not want to take a date back to their house is	it's a mess.
one reason why a person might not want to take a date back to their house is	don't like them.
one reason why a person might not want to take a date back to their house is	live with parents.
one reason why a person might not want to take a date back to their house is	already married.
one reason why a person might not want to take a date back to their house is	have a roommate.
one reason why a person might not want to take a date back to their house is	they have kids.
one thing michael jackson wears is	glove.
one thing michael jackson wears is	sunglasses.
one thing michael jackson wears is	black clothing.
one thing michael jackson wears is	earring.
one thing michael jackson wears is	makeup.
one thing people love to give you their opinion on is	parenting.
one thing people love to give you their opinion on is	finance.
one thing people love to give you their opinion on is	love life.
one thing people love to give you their opinion on is	career.
one thing people love to give you their opinion on is	politics.
one thing your house has three of is	bedrooms.
one thing your house has three of is	bathrooms.
one thing your house has three of is	tvs.
one thing your house has three of is	doors.
one thing your house has three of is	telephones.
one thing your house has three of is	clocks.
one thing your house has three of is	beds.
one thing about big bird that is different from real birds is	talks.
one thing about big bird that is different from real birds is	his size.
one thing about big bird that is different from real birds is	on tv.
one place where you might see santa before christmas is	malls/stores.
one place where you might see santa before christmas is	tv/movies.
one place where you might see santa before christmas is	parades.
one place where you might see santa before christmas is	street corners.
one thing women leave lying all over the bathroom is	make-up.
one thing women leave lying all over the bathroom is	towels.
one thing women leave lying all over the bathroom is	hair.
one thing women leave lying all over the bathroom is	underwear.
one thing women leave lying all over the bathroom is	clothes.
one thing a grandmother might want her grandkids to learn is	manners.
one thing a grandmother might want her grandkids to learn is	family recipes.
one thing a grandmother might want her grandkids to learn is	knitting/sewing.
one thing a grandmother might want her grandkids to learn is	family history.
one thing a grandmother might want her grandkids to learn is	native language.
one christmas song you cannot get out of your head during the holidays is	jingle bells.
one christmas song you cannot get out of your head during the holidays is	white christmas.
one christmas song you cannot get out of your head during the holidays is	silent night.
one christmas song you cannot get out of your head during the holidays is	rudolph the re....
one christmas song you cannot get out of your head during the holidays is	we wish you a....
one christmas song you cannot get out of your head during the holidays is	deck the halls.
one hidden cost when buying a new car is	title.
one hidden cost when buying a new car is	interest rates.
one hidden cost when buying a new car is	tags.
one hidden cost when buying a new car is	power windows.
one hidden cost when buying a new car is	prep.
one hidden cost when buying a new car is	air conditioner.
one hidden cost when buying a new car is	power steering.
one hidden cost when buying a new car is	license fee.
one wild animal that some people keep as pets is	tiger.
one wild animal that some people keep as pets is	snake.
one wild animal that some people keep as pets is	lion.
one wild animal that some people keep as pets is	alligator.
one thing people like to take pictures of is	children.
one thing people like to take pictures of is	nature.
one thing people like to take pictures of is	family.
one thing people like to take pictures of is	sunsets.
one thing people like to take pictures of is	themselves.
one thing your mother says that you don't do enough is	clean.
one thing your mother says that you don't do enough is	sleep.
one thing your mother says that you don't do enough is	work.
one thing your mother says that you don't do enough is	exercise.
one thing your mother says that you don't do enough is	eat.
one thing your mother says that you don't do enough is	cook.
one kind of cookie people leave out for santa is	chocolate chip.
one kind of cookie people leave out for santa is	sugar.
one part of their body where men start to grow hair about the same time they start losing it on their heads is	ears.
one part of their body where men start to grow hair about the same time they start losing it on their heads is	back.
one part of their body where men start to grow hair about the same time they start losing it on their heads is	chest.
one part of their body where men start to grow hair about the same time they start losing it on their heads is	nose.
one city that is often featured in spy movies is	new york.
one city that is often featured in spy movies is	london.
one city that is often featured in spy movies is	paris.
one city that is often featured in spy movies is	los angeles.
one city that is often featured in spy movies is	washington dc.
one city that is often featured in spy movies is	moscow.
one thing that makes a dress sexy is	neckline/low cut.
one thing that makes a dress sexy is	side split.
one thing that makes a dress sexy is	tight fitting.
one thing that makes a dress sexy is	strapless.
one thing that makes a dress sexy is	backless.
one thing that makes a dress sexy is	who's wearing it.
one thing a person can do to become famous is	singer.
one thing a person can do to become famous is	acting.
one thing a person can do to become famous is	invent something.
one thing a person can do to become famous is	become an author.
one thing you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator is	phone.
one thing you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator is	sing.
one thing you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator is	sit.
one thing you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator is	sleep.
one thing you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator is	panic.
one thing you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator is	use alarm.
one thing you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator is	pray.
one thing you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator is	cry.
one public place where you wish people wouldn't take their dog is	park.
one public place where you wish people wouldn't take their dog is	restaurant.
one public place where you wish people wouldn't take their dog is	playground.
one public place where you wish people wouldn't take their dog is	stores/market.
one public place where you wish people wouldn't take their dog is	sidewalk.
one thing people do during which they hate to be disturbed is	sleeping.
one thing people do during which they hate to be disturbed is	reading.
one thing people do during which they hate to be disturbed is	making "whoopie".
one thing people do during which they hate to be disturbed is	watch'g tv/movies.
one thing people do during which they hate to be disturbed is	restroom/shower.
one thing you usually do every night after dinner is	watch television.
one thing you usually do every night after dinner is	wash dishes.
one thing you usually do every night after dinner is	relax/sleep.
one thing you usually do every night after dinner is	brush teeth.
one part of your body which might be padded when playing sport is	knees.
one part of your body which might be padded when playing sport is	legs.
one part of your body which might be padded when playing sport is	shins.
one part of your body which might be padded when playing sport is	groin.
one part of your body which might be padded when playing sport is	shoulders.
one part of your body which might be padded when playing sport is	head.
one part of your body which might be padded when playing sport is	chest.
one part of your body which might be padded when playing sport is	bottom.
one thing you find in a court room is	judge.
one thing you find in a court room is	lawyers.
one thing you find in a court room is	jury.
one thing you find in a court room is	baliff.
one thing you find in a court room is	gavel.
one kind of creature that becomes giant-sized in sci-fi movies is	lizard.
one kind of creature that becomes giant-sized in sci-fi movies is	spider.
one kind of creature that becomes giant-sized in sci-fi movies is	ape.
one kind of creature that becomes giant-sized in sci-fi movies is	squid.
one kind of creature that becomes giant-sized in sci-fi movies is	ant.
one kind of creature that becomes giant-sized in sci-fi movies is	snake.
one kind of place where people pretend to be paying attention is	school.
one kind of place where people pretend to be paying attention is	church.
one kind of place where people pretend to be paying attention is	meeting.
one kind of place where people pretend to be paying attention is	movies.
one kind of place where people pretend to be paying attention is	concert.
one kind of place where people pretend to be paying attention is	sports event.
one thing that many people put off doing because it's too expensive is	vacation.
one thing that many people put off doing because it's too expensive is	buying new car.
one thing that many people put off doing because it's too expensive is	buy home.
one thing that many people put off doing because it's too expensive is	home improvement.
one thing that many people put off doing because it's too expensive is	having kids.
one thing that many people put off doing because it's too expensive is	buying clothes.
one wild animal that often becomes roadkill is	possum.
one wild animal that often becomes roadkill is	deer.
one wild animal that often becomes roadkill is	raccoon.
one wild animal that often becomes roadkill is	squirrel.
one thing you might consider when buying clothes is	cost.
one thing you might consider when buying clothes is	color.
one thing you might consider when buying clothes is	brand loyalty.
one thing you might consider when buying clothes is	fabric.
one company that is known for making cookies is	missus fields.
one company that is known for making cookies is	fields.
one company that is known for making cookies is	mrs fields.
one company that is known for making cookies is	keebler.
one company that is known for making cookies is	nabisco.
one company that is known for making cookies is	amos.
one company that is known for making cookies is	famous amos.
one company that is known for making cookies is	mrs allison.
one company that is known for making cookies is	allison.
one company that is known for making cookies is	missus allison.
one company that is known for making cookies is	nestle.
one thing you would need if you wanted to dress up like the statue of liberty is	torch.
one thing you would need if you wanted to dress up like the statue of liberty is	robe.
one thing you would need if you wanted to dress up like the statue of liberty is	crown.
one thing you would need if you wanted to dress up like the statue of liberty is	book.
one reason you might have to leave work early is	sick.
one reason you might have to leave work early is	kid is sick.
one reason you might have to leave work early is	doctor's appointment.
one reason you might have to leave work early is	family emergency.
one common topic of conversation at men's poker games is	women/sex.
one common topic of conversation at men's poker games is	sports.
one common topic of conversation at men's poker games is	jobs/money.
one common topic of conversation at men's poker games is	cars.
one thing that is soft, warm, and costs lots of money is	coat/fur coat.
one thing that is soft, warm, and costs lots of money is	blanket/comforter.
one thing that is soft, warm, and costs lots of money is	dog.
one thing that is soft, warm, and costs lots of money is	bed/mattress.
one thing that is soft, warm, and costs lots of money is	baby/child.
one thing that is soft, warm, and costs lots of money is	couch/sofa.
one thing a seven year old takes with him when he runs away from home is	toy.
one thing a seven year old takes with him when he runs away from home is	food.
one thing a seven year old takes with him when he runs away from home is	blanket.
one thing a seven year old takes with him when he runs away from home is	clothes.
one thing a seven year old takes with him when he runs away from home is	backpack.
one thing a seven year old takes with him when he runs away from home is	pet.
one thing babies require a lot of is	attention.
one thing babies require a lot of is	milk.
one thing babies require a lot of is	love.
one thing babies require a lot of is	sleep.
one thing babies require a lot of is	nappies.
one thing babies require a lot of is	cuddles.
one thing babies require a lot of is	care.
one thing babies require a lot of is	food.
one thing that's good when it's dry is	food.
one thing that's good when it's dry is	clothes.
one thing that's good when it's dry is	wine.
one thing that's good when it's dry is	weather.
one thing that's good when it's dry is	beach.
one thing that's good when it's dry is	towel.
one thing people buy once they get a swimming pool is	raft.
one thing people buy once they get a swimming pool is	patio furniture.
one thing people buy once they get a swimming pool is	bathing suit.
one thing people buy once they get a swimming pool is	chlorine.
one thing people buy once they get a swimming pool is	diving board.
one thing people buy once they get a swimming pool is	fence.
one thing people buy once they get a swimming pool is	pool cover.
one good snack to have at a poker game is	chips and dip.
one good snack to have at a poker game is	pretzels.
one good snack to have at a poker game is	peanuts.
one good snack to have at a poker game is	popcorn.
one good snack to have at a poker game is	pizza.
one good snack to have at a poker game is	sandwiches.
one thing, besides yourself, that you wash is	car.
one thing, besides yourself, that you wash is	clothes.
one thing, besides yourself, that you wash is	dishes.
one thing, besides yourself, that you wash is	windows.
one thing you cannot be afraid of it you hope to become an astronaut is	heights.
one thing you cannot be afraid of it you hope to become an astronaut is	flying.
one thing you cannot be afraid of it you hope to become an astronaut is	outer space.
one thing you cannot be afraid of it you hope to become an astronaut is	close quarters.
one thing you cannot be afraid of it you hope to become an astronaut is	weightlessness.
one thing you cannot be afraid of it you hope to become an astronaut is	speed.
one place that's packed in the summer is	beach.
one place that's packed in the summer is	pool.
one place that's packed in the summer is	amusement park.
one place that's packed in the summer is	water park.
one place that's packed in the summer is	florida.
one place that's packed in the summer is	lake.
one thing couples might fight about while planning their wedding is	money.
one thing couples might fight about while planning their wedding is	guest list.
one thing couples might fight about while planning their wedding is	location.
one thing couples might fight about while planning their wedding is	bridal party.
one thing couples might fight about while planning their wedding is	menu.
one creature that uses its tail a lot is	cat.
one creature that uses its tail a lot is	monkey.
one creature that uses its tail a lot is	dog.
one creature that uses its tail a lot is	fish.
one creature that uses its tail a lot is	horse.
one character from "the flintstones" is	fred flintstone.
one character from "the flintstones" is	barney rubble.
one character from "the flintstones" is	betty rubble.
one character from "the flintstones" is	bam-bam.
one character from "the flintstones" is	wilma flintstone.
one character from "the flintstones" is	dino.
one thing people do at a bar besides drink is	talk.
one thing people do at a bar besides drink is	smoke.
one thing people do at a bar besides drink is	dance.
one thing people do at a bar besides drink is	eat.
one thing people do at a bar besides drink is	flirt.
one thing people do at a bar besides drink is	play pool.
one thing people do at a bar besides drink is	fight.
one thing kids lie about is	grades.
one thing kids lie about is	fighting.
one thing kids lie about is	brush teeth.
one thing kids lie about is	friends.
one country in asia is	china.
one country in asia is	japan.
one country in asia is	taiwan.
one country in asia is	thailand.
one country in asia is	india.
one thing you might do when you can't sleep is	read.
one thing you might do when you can't sleep is	watch tv.
one thing you might do when you can't sleep is	count sheep.
one thing you might do when you can't sleep is	eat food.
one thing you might do when you can't sleep is	drink milk.
one brand of toothpaste you see in just about every drugstore is	crest.
one brand of toothpaste you see in just about every drugstore is	colgate.
one famous "cary" (all forms of the name) is	jim carrey.
one famous "cary" (all forms of the name) is	cary grant.
one famous "cary" (all forms of the name) is	john kerry.
one famous "cary" (all forms of the name) is	drew carey.
one famous "cary" (all forms of the name) is	mariah carey.
one famous "cary" (all forms of the name) is	carrie fisher.
one thing in the home that every member of the family probably uses is	bathroom.
one thing in the home that every member of the family probably uses is	tv.
one thing in the home that every member of the family probably uses is	toothbrush.
one thing in the home that every member of the family probably uses is	hairbrush.
one topic people discuss and hardly ever tell the truth about is	sex life.
one topic people discuss and hardly ever tell the truth about is	money/finances.
one topic people discuss and hardly ever tell the truth about is	age.
one topic people discuss and hardly ever tell the truth about is	weight.
one topic people discuss and hardly ever tell the truth about is	mate/spouse.
one thing you get into and out of every day is	bed.
one thing you get into and out of every day is	car.
one thing you get into and out of every day is	clothes.
one thing you get into and out of every day is	shower.
one hobby people often have is	reading.
one hobby people often have is	stamp collecting.
one hobby people often have is	golf.
one hobby people often have is	gardening.
one hobby people often have is	knitting.
one thing you would hate to be out of order is	bathroom.
one thing you would hate to be out of order is	atm.
one thing you would hate to be out of order is	elevator.
one thing you would hate to be out of order is	vending machine.
one thing you would hate to be out of order is	house.
one thing you would hate to be out of order is	files.
one movie from the 1980s is	the breakfast club.
one movie from the 1980s is	back to the future..
one movie from the 1980s is	ghostbusters.
one movie from the 1980s is	dirty dancing.
one movie from the 1980s is	e.t..
one movie from the 1980s is	sixteen candles.
one thing that is not heavy but still hard to carry is	children.
one thing that is not heavy but still hard to carry is	box.
one thing that is not heavy but still hard to carry is	tv.
one thing that is not heavy but still hard to carry is	mattress.
one thing that is not heavy but still hard to carry is	groceries.
one thing that is not heavy but still hard to carry is	burden.
one mountain chain is	rockies.
one mountain chain is	alps.
one mountain chain is	appalachians.
one mountain chain is	smokies.
one mountain chain is	andes.
one mountain chain is	himalayas.
one mountain chain is	blue ridge.
one mountain chain is	grand tetons.
one country that is known for figure skating is	united states.
one country that is known for figure skating is	russia.
one country that is known for figure skating is	canada.
one country that is known for figure skating is	germany.
one country that is known for figure skating is	austria.
one book students keep on hand for reference is	dictionary.
one book students keep on hand for reference is	encyclopedia.
one book students keep on hand for reference is	bible.
one book students keep on hand for reference is	phonebook.
one book students keep on hand for reference is	comics.
one thing you look forward to seeing in the summer is	beach.
one thing you look forward to seeing in the summer is	sun.
one thing you look forward to seeing in the summer is	flowers.
one thing you look forward to seeing in the summer is	fireworks.
one thing you look forward to seeing in the summer is	swimming pool.
one thing you look forward to seeing in the summer is	baseball.
one cooked food that's just as good hot or cold is	pizza.
one cooked food that's just as good hot or cold is	chicken.
one cooked food that's just as good hot or cold is	pasta.
one cooked food that's just as good hot or cold is	potatoes.
one cooked food that's just as good hot or cold is	shrimp.
one cooked food that's just as good hot or cold is	beans.
one sign that your date isn't into you is	always on their phone.
one sign that your date isn't into you is	not talking.
one sign that your date isn't into you is	yawns.
one sign that your date isn't into you is	distracted.
one sign that your date isn't into you is	leaves early.
one thing your teenager would say is their most prized possession is	car.
one thing your teenager would say is their most prized possession is	cell phone.
one thing your teenager would say is their most prized possession is	diary.
one thing your teenager would say is their most prized possession is	clothes.
one thing of yours a neighbor might want to borrow is	food.
one thing of yours a neighbor might want to borrow is	tools.
one thing of yours a neighbor might want to borrow is	lawn mower.
one thing of yours a neighbor might want to borrow is	appliances.
one thing of yours a neighbor might want to borrow is	car.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	eating out.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	out.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	diner.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	restaurant.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	cafeteria.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	movies.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	cinema.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	films.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	hootenanny.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	going to party.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	to party.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	party.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	prom.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	soiree.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	reception.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	socialize.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	get together.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	gathering.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	fete.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	dance.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	fiesta.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	formal.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	traveling.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	trip.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	vacation.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	touring.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	time off.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	safari.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	travelling.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	days off.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	voyage.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	holiday.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	journey.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	car.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	steering.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	driving.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	motoring.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	auto.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	mall.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	boutique.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	store.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	buying.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	shopping.
one thing people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves is	purchasing.
one thing specific that you might find in a fridge is	milk.
one thing specific that you might find in a fridge is	butter.
one thing specific that you might find in a fridge is	eggs.
one thing specific that you might find in a fridge is	soda.
one thing specific that you might find in a fridge is	ketchup.
one american city that is easy to get lost in is	new york city.
one american city that is easy to get lost in is	los angeles.
one american city that is easy to get lost in is	atlanta.
one american city that is easy to get lost in is	san francisco.
one european city everyone knows of is	paris.
one european city everyone knows of is	london.
one european city everyone knows of is	rome.
one european city everyone knows of is	venice.
one european city everyone knows of is	amsterdam.
the best us state to raise a family is	florida.
the best us state to raise a family is	texas.
the best us state to raise a family is	california.
the best us state to raise a family is	washington.
the best us state to raise a family is	virginia.
the best us state to raise a family is	tennessee.
the best us state to raise a family is	colorado.
the best us state to raise a family is	georgia.
one thing you shake before using is	salad dressing.
one thing you shake before using is	ketchup.
one thing you shake before using is	whipped cream.
one thing you shake before using is	hairspray.
one thing you shake before using is	shaving cream.
one yard chore you hate to do is	mowing the lawn.
one yard chore you hate to do is	raking leaves.
one yard chore you hate to do is	pulling weeds.
one yard chore you hate to do is	shoveling snow.
one thing first-time parents are surprised their baby does so much is	cries.
one thing first-time parents are surprised their baby does so much is	goes potty.
one thing first-time parents are surprised their baby does so much is	laughs/smiles.
one thing first-time parents are surprised their baby does so much is	sleeps.
one thing first-time parents are surprised their baby does so much is	eats.
one thing first-time parents are surprised their baby does so much is	talks.
one thing people put on their cat for a silly photo is	hat.
one thing people put on their cat for a silly photo is	sweater/shirt.
one thing people put on their cat for a silly photo is	glasses.
one thing people put on their cat for a silly photo is	bow/tie.
one thing people in cities do to stay cool is	use ac.
one thing people in cities do to stay cool is	go swimming.
one thing people in cities do to stay cool is	stay home.
one thing people in cities do to stay cool is	fire hydrarnt.
one sound your body makes that you might not be able to control is	farting.
one sound your body makes that you might not be able to control is	stomach growling.
one sound your body makes that you might not be able to control is	bones cracking.
one sound your body makes that you might not be able to control is	hiccup.
one thing that has roots is	tree.
one thing that has roots is	plant.
one thing that has roots is	hair.
one thing that has roots is	teeth.
the place where you do most of your singing is	shower/bathroom.
the place where you do most of your singing is	church.
the place where you do most of your singing is	car.
the place where you do most of your singing is	living room.
the place where you do most of your singing is	kitchen.
the place where you do most of your singing is	on stage.
one musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane is	tuba.
one musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane is	piano.
one musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane is	cello.
one musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane is	harp.
one musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane is	drums.
one musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane is	bass.
one musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane is	trombone.
one musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane is	saxophone.
one punishment kids would love to give their parents is	time out.
one punishment kids would love to give their parents is	no tv.
one punishment kids would love to give their parents is	ground them.
one punishment kids would love to give their parents is	no allowance.
one punishment kids would love to give their parents is	spank them.
one punishment kids would love to give their parents is	clean.
one city in england is	liverpool.
one city in england is	manchester.
one city in england is	leeds.
one city in england is	london.
one city in england is	bristol.
one thing specific that you'd love to wake up to the smell of is	coffee.
one thing specific that you'd love to wake up to the smell of is	bacon.
one thing specific that you'd love to wake up to the smell of is	flowers.
one thing specific that you'd love to wake up to the smell of is	pancakes.
one slang expression for the phrase "be quiet"! is	shut up.
one slang expression for the phrase "be quiet"! is	hush.
one slang expression for the phrase "be quiet"! is	shh.
one slang expression for the phrase "be quiet"! is	can it.
one thing that will happen if you stop brushing your teeth is	cavity.
one thing that will happen if you stop brushing your teeth is	teeth fall out.
one thing that will happen if you stop brushing your teeth is	gum disease.
one thing that will happen if you stop brushing your teeth is	tartar.
one color of underwear a man would never wear is	pink.
one color of underwear a man would never wear is	red.
one color of underwear a man would never wear is	purple.
one thing that sparkles is	diamonds.
one thing that sparkles is	glitter.
one thing specific you're afraid will happen to you on friday the 13th is	car accident.
one thing specific you're afraid will happen to you on friday the 13th is	black cat...path.
one thing specific you're afraid will happen to you on friday the 13th is	fall down.
one thing specific you're afraid will happen to you on friday the 13th is	break mirror.
one thing specific you're afraid will happen to you on friday the 13th is	die.
one thing that might be polluted is	water.
one thing that might be polluted is	air.
one thing that might be polluted is	beach.
one thing that might be polluted is	mind.
one thing that has pits is	peach.
one thing that has pits is	plum/prune.
one thing that has pits is	cherry.
one thing that has pits is	olive.
one american beer is	budweiser.
one american beer is	coors.
one american beer is	miller.
one american beer is	pabst blue ribbon.
one character bugs bunny has been known to fight with is	elmer fudd.
one character bugs bunny has been known to fight with is	daffy duck.
one thing you might surprise your significant other with is	flowers.
one thing you might surprise your significant other with is	jewelry.
one thing you might surprise your significant other with is	dinner.
one thing you might surprise your significant other with is	vacation.
one thing you might surprise your significant other with is	car.
one thing you might surprise your significant other with is	gifts.
one activity you shouldn't take up, unless you know how to swim is	lifeguard.
one activity you shouldn't take up, unless you know how to swim is	swimming.
one activity you shouldn't take up, unless you know how to swim is	boating.
one activity you shouldn't take up, unless you know how to swim is	scubadiving.
one activity you shouldn't take up, unless you know how to swim is	water skiing.
one activity you shouldn't take up, unless you know how to swim is	water polo.
one animal that moves its tail a lot is	dog.
one animal that moves its tail a lot is	cat.
one animal that moves its tail a lot is	monkey.
one animal that moves its tail a lot is	cow.
one animal that moves its tail a lot is	horse.
one thing a bride wants to be huge is	wedding.
one thing a bride wants to be huge is	wedding rings.
one thing a bride wants to be huge is	wedding cake.
one thing a bride wants to be huge is	bouquet.
one thing a bride wants to be huge is	wedding dress.
one thing you felt guilty about doing soon after you did it is	over eating.
one thing you felt guilty about doing soon after you did it is	lying.
one thing you felt guilty about doing soon after you did it is	yelling.
one thing you felt guilty about doing soon after you did it is	cheating.
one thing you felt guilty about doing soon after you did it is	spending money.
one thing you felt guilty about doing soon after you did it is	stealing.
one us state where hockey is popular is	new york.
one us state where hockey is popular is	michigan.
one us state where hockey is popular is	minnesota.
one us state where hockey is popular is	illinois.
one us state where hockey is popular is	wisconsin.
one us state where hockey is popular is	colorado.
one thing a scorned woman might do to her ex-boyfriend's car is	key it/scratch it.
one thing a scorned woman might do to her ex-boyfriend's car is	flatten tires.
one thing a scorned woman might do to her ex-boyfriend's car is	break windows.
one thing a scorned woman might do to her ex-boyfriend's car is	throw something.
one thing a scorned woman might do to her ex-boyfriend's car is	sugar in gas tank.
one thing a scorned woman might do to her ex-boyfriend's car is	dent it.
one body part you might want to be muscular for the summer time is	stomach.
one body part you might want to be muscular for the summer time is	arms.
one body part you might want to be muscular for the summer time is	legs.
one body part you might want to be muscular for the summer time is	chest.
one thing people offer to do for a friend who's laid up in bed is	cook.
one thing people offer to do for a friend who's laid up in bed is	shop.
one thing people offer to do for a friend who's laid up in bed is	clean.
one thing people offer to do for a friend who's laid up in bed is	childcare.
one thing a teenage boy might save his money to buy is	car.
one thing a teenage boy might save his money to buy is	video games.
one thing a teenage boy might save his money to buy is	bicycle.
one thing a teenage boy might save his money to buy is	concert tickets.
one place people keep a family photo is	wall.
one place people keep a family photo is	photo album.
one place people keep a family photo is	mantle.
one place people keep a family photo is	wallet.
one place people keep a family photo is	desk.
one brand of women's perfume is	chanel.
one brand of women's perfume is	estee lauder.
one brand of women's perfume is	calvin klein.
one brand of women's perfume is	avon.
one brand of women's perfume is	victoria's secret.
one thing people get dismissed from is	school/class.
one thing people get dismissed from is	job/work.
one thing people get dismissed from is	jury duty/court.
one thing people get dismissed from is	military/army.
one job which requires extreme fairness at all times is	judge.
one job which requires extreme fairness at all times is	teacher.
one job which requires extreme fairness at all times is	umpire.
one job which requires extreme fairness at all times is	police officer.
one job which requires extreme fairness at all times is	banker.
one job which requires extreme fairness at all times is	the clergy.
one job which requires extreme fairness at all times is	manager.
one thing you can overdo is	exercise.
one thing you can overdo is	eating.
one thing you can overdo is	working.
one thing you can overdo is	makeup.
one thing you can overdo is	cooking.
one thing you would not want to buy in front of your parents is	underwear.
one thing you would not want to buy in front of your parents is	alcohol.
one thing you would not want to buy in front of your parents is	the pill.
one thing you would not want to buy in front of your parents is	cigarettes.
one thing you wish people wouldn't borrow is	money.
one thing you wish people wouldn't borrow is	clothes.
one thing you wish people wouldn't borrow is	tools.
one thing you wish people wouldn't borrow is	car.
one thing you wish people wouldn't borrow is	food.
one thing a kid might practice kissing on is	pillows.
one thing a kid might practice kissing on is	hand.
one thing a kid might practice kissing on is	dolls.
one thing a kid might practice kissing on is	mirror.
one thing a kid might practice kissing on is	teddy bears.
one thing you can buy in monopoly is	boardwalk.
one thing you can buy in monopoly is	park place.
one thing you can buy in monopoly is	house.
one thing you can buy in monopoly is	hotel.
one specific animal whose eggs you'd probably never eat for breakfast is	snake.
one specific animal whose eggs you'd probably never eat for breakfast is	ostrich.
one specific animal whose eggs you'd probably never eat for breakfast is	alligator.
one specific animal whose eggs you'd probably never eat for breakfast is	pigeon.
one specific animal whose eggs you'd probably never eat for breakfast is	turtle.
one thing people go to the mountains to do is	hike.
one thing people go to the mountains to do is	ski.
one thing people go to the mountains to do is	camp.
one thing people go to the mountains to do is	enjoy the view.
one thing people go to the mountains to do is	escape.
one thing people go to the mountains to do is	hunt.
one thing you might find in a doctor's waiting room is	magazines.
one thing you might find in a doctor's waiting room is	patients.
one thing you might find in a doctor's waiting room is	chairs.
one thing you might find in a doctor's waiting room is	water cooler.
one thing you might find in a doctor's waiting room is	hand sanitizer.
one thing that might set off a metal detector in an airport is	keys.
one thing that might set off a metal detector in an airport is	belt buckle.
one thing that might set off a metal detector in an airport is	gun.
one thing that might set off a metal detector in an airport is	change.
one thing that might set off a metal detector in an airport is	knife.
one thing that might set off a metal detector in an airport is	watch.
one thing a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about stealing it is	security alarm.
one thing a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about stealing it is	club.
one thing a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about stealing it is	dog.
one thing a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about stealing it is	stereo.
one thing a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about stealing it is	people.
one kind of doctor you would be shocked if he asked you to get undressed is	dentist.
one kind of doctor you would be shocked if he asked you to get undressed is	psychiatrist.
one kind of doctor you would be shocked if he asked you to get undressed is	eye doctor.
one kind of doctor you would be shocked if he asked you to get undressed is	podiatrist.
one kind of doctor you would be shocked if he asked you to get undressed is	pediatrician.
one thing that might motivate a man to lose weight is	dating.
one thing that might motivate a man to lose weight is	health problems.
one thing that might motivate a man to lose weight is	wife lost weight.
one thing that might motivate a man to lose weight is	break up.
one thing people have a hard time keeping is	money.
one thing people have a hard time keeping is	secret.
one thing people have a hard time keeping is	promise/vows.
one thing people have a hard time keeping is	appointment.
one thing people have a hard time keeping is	job.
one thing new you get, that takes time to get used to is	shoes.
one thing new you get, that takes time to get used to is	car.
one thing new you get, that takes time to get used to is	dog.
one thing new you get, that takes time to get used to is	eyeglasses.
one thing new you get, that takes time to get used to is	haircut.
one thing new you get, that takes time to get used to is	mattress.
one thing many dads teach their children how to do is	drive.
one thing many dads teach their children how to do is	ride a bike.
one thing many dads teach their children how to do is	fish.
one thing many dads teach their children how to do is	play sports.
one thing many dads teach their children how to do is	read.
one thing many dads teach their children how to do is	walk.
one thing in a hospital that's always cold is	bedpan.
one thing in a hospital that's always cold is	stethoscope.
one thing in a hospital that's always cold is	floor.
one thing in a hospital that's always cold is	operating room.
one thing in a hospital that's always cold is	food.
one thing in a hospital that's always cold is	nurse's hands.
one thing in a hospital that's always cold is	thermometer.
one thing in a hospital that's always cold is	bed.
one command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them is	seated.
one command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them is	sit.
one command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them is	over.
one command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them is	roll over.
one command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them is	down.
one command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them is	lay down.
one command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them is	stay.
one command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them is	beg.
one command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them is	fetch.
one thing about santa that kids wouldn't dare to make fun of is	big belly.
one thing about santa that kids wouldn't dare to make fun of is	beard.
one thing about santa that kids wouldn't dare to make fun of is	gifts.
one thing about santa that kids wouldn't dare to make fun of is	costume.
one thing about santa that kids wouldn't dare to make fun of is	reindeer.
one thing about santa that kids wouldn't dare to make fun of is	wife.
one animal you might see on a christmas card is	doves.
one animal you might see on a christmas card is	reindeer.
one animal you might see on a christmas card is	cardinals.
one animal you might see on a christmas card is	robins.
one animal you might see on a christmas card is	partridges.
one person you love on american idol is	carrie underwood.
one person you love on american idol is	kelly clarkson.
one person you love on american idol is	chris daughtry.
one person you love on american idol is	simon cowell.
one person you love on american idol is	adam lambert.
one person you love on american idol is	jordin sparks.
one occupation in which you're either loved or hated is	lawyer.
one occupation in which you're either loved or hated is	teacher.
one occupation in which you're either loved or hated is	politician.
one occupation in which you're either loved or hated is	police officer.
one occupation in which you're either loved or hated is	judge.
one occupation in which you're either loved or hated is	actor.
one occupation in which you're either loved or hated is	athlete.
one thing specific kids take lessons for is	piano.
one thing specific kids take lessons for is	swimming.
one thing specific kids take lessons for is	singing.
one thing specific kids take lessons for is	guitar.
one thing specific kids take lessons for is	tennis.
one thing specific kids take lessons for is	dance.
one thing specific kids take lessons for is	music.
one thing that makes noise on the kitchen is	blender.
one thing that makes noise on the kitchen is	dishwasher.
one thing that makes noise on the kitchen is	microwave.
one thing that makes noise on the kitchen is	pots and pans.
one thing that makes noise on the kitchen is	refrigerator.
one root vegetable is	carrots.
one root vegetable is	potatoes.
one root vegetable is	beets.
one root vegetable is	radishes.
one root vegetable is	turnips.
one group with three initials that scare you is	kkk.
one group with three initials that scare you is	irs.
one group with three initials that scare you is	nra.
one group with three initials that scare you is	fbi.
one thing that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth is	beer.
one thing that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth is	medicine.
one thing that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth is	coffee.
one thing that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth is	betrayal.
one thing that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth is	bad relationship.
one country people go to ski is	switzerland.
one country people go to ski is	usa.
one country people go to ski is	canada.
one country people go to ski is	sweden.
one country people go to ski is	russia.
one thing you can find out about a plane flight just by looking at an airport monitor is	arrival time.
one thing you can find out about a plane flight just by looking at an airport monitor is	if it is delayed.
one thing you can find out about a plane flight just by looking at an airport monitor is	departure time.
one thing you can find out about a plane flight just by looking at an airport monitor is	flight number.
one thing you can find out about a plane flight just by looking at an airport monitor is	gate.
one country that has a lot of castles is	france.
one country that has a lot of castles is	ireland.
one country that has a lot of castles is	germany.
one country that has a lot of castles is	england.
one country that has a lot of castles is	scotland.
one thing people ride that causes them to throw up is	roller coaster.
one thing people ride that causes them to throw up is	boat/ship.
one thing people ride that causes them to throw up is	car.
one thing people ride that causes them to throw up is	ferris wheel.
one thing that has wings is	bird.
one thing that has wings is	airplane.
one thing that has wings is	butterfly.
one thing that has wings is	angel.
one thing that has wings is	bat.
one place where you go about once a year, and dread it every time is	dentist.
one place where you go about once a year, and dread it every time is	doctor.
one thing teenagers can't live without is	cell phone.
one thing teenagers can't live without is	music.
one thing teenagers can't live without is	friends.
one thing teenagers can't live without is	computers.
one thing teenagers can't live without is	tv.
one thing vampires are afraid of is	daylight.
one thing vampires are afraid of is	crosses.
one thing vampires are afraid of is	garlic.
one thing vampires are afraid of is	wooden stakes.
one thing vampires are afraid of is	fire.
one thing vampires are afraid of is	holy water.
one thing vampires are afraid of is	silver.
one person famous to whom you'd love to give a lie detector test is	president bush.
one person famous to whom you'd love to give a lie detector test is	o.j. simpson.
one person famous to whom you'd love to give a lie detector test is	michael jackson.
one person famous to whom you'd love to give a lie detector test is	bill clinton.
one person famous to whom you'd love to give a lie detector test is	brad pitt.
one person famous to whom you'd love to give a lie detector test is	paris hilton.
one electronic device people use today that they did not use twenty years ago is	computer.
one electronic device people use today that they did not use twenty years ago is	microwave.
one electronic device people use today that they did not use twenty years ago is	cd player.
one electronic device people use today that they did not use twenty years ago is	mobile phone.
one electronic device people use today that they did not use twenty years ago is	dvd player.
one person in your life who you'd hate to run into at a nude beach is	boss/coworker.
one person in your life who you'd hate to run into at a nude beach is	mom/dad.
one person in your life who you'd hate to run into at a nude beach is	ex.
one person in your life who you'd hate to run into at a nude beach is	church leader.
one person in your life who you'd hate to run into at a nude beach is	teacher.
one thing you hope you have milk to go with is	cereal.
one thing you hope you have milk to go with is	cookies.
one thing you hope you have milk to go with is	cake.
one thing you hope you have milk to go with is	coffee.
one thing a woman keeps by her bed is	alarm.
one thing a woman keeps by her bed is	tissues.
one thing a woman keeps by her bed is	book.
one thing a woman keeps by her bed is	telephone.
one thing a woman keeps by her bed is	lamp.
one thing in your house that you need a professional to fix is	plumbing.
one thing in your house that you need a professional to fix is	air conditioner.
one thing in your house that you need a professional to fix is	electricity.
one thing in your house that you need a professional to fix is	the toilet.
one thing in your house that you need a professional to fix is	the roof.
one thing people worry they won't be able to pay for is	house.
one thing people worry they won't be able to pay for is	gas.
one thing people worry they won't be able to pay for is	college.
one thing people worry they won't be able to pay for is	meds..
one thing people worry they won't be able to pay for is	food.
one thing people worry they won't be able to pay for is	credit card.
one thing you would hate to get as a christmas gift is	socks.
one thing you would hate to get as a christmas gift is	fruit cake.
one thing you would hate to get as a christmas gift is	coal.
one thing you would hate to get as a christmas gift is	underwear.
one thing you would hate to get as a christmas gift is	sweater.
one thing you would hate to get as a christmas gift is	vacuum.
one thing you would hate to get as a christmas gift is	appliances.
one place you might hide easter eggs is	in the grass.
one place you might hide easter eggs is	in the bushes.
one place you might hide easter eggs is	underneath furniture.
one place you might hide easter eggs is	in the trees.
one thing jennifer lopez does at least once a year is	marriage/new guy.
one thing jennifer lopez does at least once a year is	makes a movie.
one thing jennifer lopez does at least once a year is	looks hot.
one thing jennifer lopez does at least once a year is	make a video.
one thing jennifer lopez does at least once a year is	has a birthday.
one thing jennifer lopez does at least once a year is	makes an album.
one place where you'd see a lifeguard is	beach.
one place where you'd see a lifeguard is	pool.
one occasion where you've encountered as much drama as in a soap opera is	family/holiday.
one occasion where you've encountered as much drama as in a soap opera is	a wedding.
one occasion where you've encountered as much drama as in a soap opera is	the office.
one occasion where you've encountered as much drama as in a soap opera is	high school.
one country that was involved in world war ii is	germany.
one country that was involved in world war ii is	usa.
one thing that parents help their children build is	block/lego tower.
one thing that parents help their children build is	sand castles.
one thing that parents help their children build is	tree house/fort.
one thing that parents help their children build is	snowmen.
one tropical fruit is	pineapples.
one tropical fruit is	mangos.
one tropical fruit is	coconut.
one tropical fruit is	kiwi.
one tropical fruit is	papaya.
one noise you hear first thing in the morning is	alarm clocks.
one noise you hear first thing in the morning is	birds chirping.
one noise you hear first thing in the morning is	rooster.
one noise you hear first thing in the morning is	baby crying.
one man who has inspired you is	father.
one man who has inspired you is	martin luther king jr.
one man who has inspired you is	barack obama.
one man who has inspired you is	john f kennedy.
one thing people find through the classified ads is	jobs.
one thing people find through the classified ads is	cars.
one thing people find through the classified ads is	housing/houses.
one thing people find through the classified ads is	dates/people.
one breed of dog that would never scare away a burglar is	chihauhua.
one breed of dog that would never scare away a burglar is	poodle.
one breed of dog that would never scare away a burglar is	dashound.
one breed of dog that would never scare away a burglar is	cocker spanial.
one reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch is	bugs.
one reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch is	bad service.
one reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch is	awful food.
one reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch is	hair.
one reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch is	time.
one reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch is	birthday.
one reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch is	sale.
one kind of place where you're treated more like a number than like a human being is	dvla.
one kind of place where you're treated more like a number than like a human being is	hospital.
one kind of place where you're treated more like a number than like a human being is	work.
one kind of place where you're treated more like a number than like a human being is	prison.
one kind of place where you're treated more like a number than like a human being is	hmrc.
one kind of place where you're treated more like a number than like a human being is	restaurant.
one month with 31 days is	january.
one month with 31 days is	july.
one month with 31 days is	october.
one month with 31 days is	march.
one month with 31 days is	december.
one month with 31 days is	may.
one way kids used to amuse themselves on road trips before dvd is	i spy.
one way kids used to amuse themselves on road trips before dvd is	singing.
one way kids used to amuse themselves on road trips before dvd is	reading.
one way kids used to amuse themselves on road trips before dvd is	coloring.
one way kids used to amuse themselves on road trips before dvd is	radio.
one way kids used to amuse themselves on road trips before dvd is	license plate game.
one place kids get nervous about going to is	dentist.
one place kids get nervous about going to is	doctor.
one place kids get nervous about going to is	school/principal.
one place kids get nervous about going to is	haunted house.
one way people traveled before cars is	horseback.
one way people traveled before cars is	bicycle.
one way people traveled before cars is	trains.
one way people traveled before cars is	walking.
one fruit that's messy when you eat it is	watermelon.
one fruit that's messy when you eat it is	orange.
one fruit that's messy when you eat it is	peach.
one fruit that's messy when you eat it is	mango.
one fruit that's messy when you eat it is	plum.
one fruit that's messy when you eat it is	strawberry.
one place where you make sure to use your best manners is	restaurant.
one place where you make sure to use your best manners is	church.
one place where you make sure to use your best manners is	dinner table.
one place where you make sure to use your best manners is	someone's home.
one place where you make sure to use your best manners is	work.
one place where you make sure to use your best manners is	funeral.
one thing people do when they are nervous is	nail biting.
one thing people do when they are nervous is	sweat.
one thing people do when they are nervous is	shakes.
one thing people do when they are nervous is	eat.
one thing people do when they are nervous is	fidget.
one thing that you often see on a fireplace mantel is	pictures.
one thing that you often see on a fireplace mantel is	clock.
one thing that you often see on a fireplace mantel is	candles.
one thing that you often see on a fireplace mantel is	trophy.
one thing that you often see on a fireplace mantel is	vase.
one thing that you often see on a fireplace mantel is	matches.
one habit a person might go to a hypnotist to overcome is	smoking.
one habit a person might go to a hypnotist to overcome is	over eating.
one fruit used to make jelly is	grapes.
one fruit used to make jelly is	strawberry.
one thing new you just can't afford to buy right now is	car.
one thing new you just can't afford to buy right now is	house.
one thing new you just can't afford to buy right now is	ipad.
one thing new you just can't afford to buy right now is	furniture.
one thing new you just can't afford to buy right now is	boat.
one thing new you just can't afford to buy right now is	computer.
one thing new you just can't afford to buy right now is	big tv.
one sport that doesn't include a ball is	hockey.
one sport that doesn't include a ball is	swimming.
one sport that doesn't include a ball is	track.
one sport that doesn't include a ball is	wrestling.
one sport that doesn't include a ball is	boxing.
one thing adults look forward to at christmas time is	presents.
one thing adults look forward to at christmas time is	food.
one thing adults look forward to at christmas time is	drinking.
one thing adults look forward to at christmas time is	holidays.
one thing adults look forward to at christmas time is	family.
one thing adults look forward to at christmas time is	pudding.
one thing adults look forward to at christmas time is	turkey.
one thing you can do during a power outage is	sleep.
one thing you can do during a power outage is	play games.
one thing you can do during a power outage is	tell ghost stories.
one thing you can do during a power outage is	light candles.
one thing you can do during a power outage is	eat.
one athlete who brings to mind the song "nobody does it better" is	michael jordan.
one athlete who brings to mind the song "nobody does it better" is	tiger woods.
one athlete who brings to mind the song "nobody does it better" is	michael phelps.
one athlete who brings to mind the song "nobody does it better" is	lance armstrong.
one athlete who brings to mind the song "nobody does it better" is	shaquille o'neal.
one athlete who brings to mind the song "nobody does it better" is	kobe bryant.
one animal in the cat family that you would never keep as a pet is	tiger.
one animal in the cat family that you would never keep as a pet is	lion.
one animal in the cat family that you would never keep as a pet is	bobcat.
one animal in the cat family that you would never keep as a pet is	jaguar.
one animal in the cat family that you would never keep as a pet is	leopard.
one place where you might hear music is	nightclub.
one place where you might hear music is	concert.
one place where you might hear music is	car.
one place where you might hear music is	bar.
one place where you might hear music is	shops.
one thing the invisible man might put on to become visible is	clothes.
one thing the invisible man might put on to become visible is	coat.
one thing the invisible man might put on to become visible is	hat.
one thing the invisible man might put on to become visible is	paint.
one thing the invisible man might put on to become visible is	glasses.
one thing the invisible man might put on to become visible is	makeup.
one thing made in america that's loved by people worldwide is	food.
one thing made in america that's loved by people worldwide is	cars.
one thing made in america that's loved by people worldwide is	coca-cola.
one thing made in america that's loved by people worldwide is	movies.
one thing made in america that's loved by people worldwide is	money.
one thing made in america that's loved by people worldwide is	jeans.
one thing made in america that's loved by people worldwide is	wine.
one thing made in america that's loved by people worldwide is	television.
one place that is known for having great food is	italy.
one place that is known for having great food is	france.
one place that is known for having great food is	new york.
one place that is known for having great food is	red lobster.
one place that is known for having great food is	applebee's.
one place that is known for having great food is	olive garden.
one place that is known for having great food is	mcdonalds.
one thing you get too much of as a teenager is	homework.
one thing you get too much of as a teenager is	acne.
one thing you get too much of as a teenager is	sleep.
one thing you get too much of as a teenager is	advice.
one thing you get too much of as a teenager is	freedom.
one thing you get too much of as a teenager is	junk food.
one thing that is uncomfortable to sit on is	rock.
one thing that is uncomfortable to sit on is	saddle.
one thing that is uncomfortable to sit on is	church pew.
one thing that is uncomfortable to sit on is	steps.
one food item you peel is	orange.
one food item you peel is	banana.
one food item you peel is	potato.
one food item you peel is	apple.
one food item you peel is	onion.
one food that is often served with white wine is	fish.
one food that is often served with white wine is	chicken.
one food that is often served with white wine is	cheese.
one food that is often served with white wine is	steak.
one food that is often served with white wine is	pasta.
one food that is often served with white wine is	crackers.
one thing people do when they are annoyed is	yell.
one thing people do when they are annoyed is	roll their eyes.
one thing people do when they are annoyed is	sigh.
one thing people do when they are annoyed is	frown.
one thing people do when they are annoyed is	curse.
one thing people do when they are annoyed is	get mad.
one thing people do when they are annoyed is	walk away.
one thing people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled is	yell.
one thing people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled is	sleep.
one thing people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled is	book a flight.
one thing people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled is	eat.
one thing people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled is	cry.
one thing people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled is	call people.
one thing people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled is	find hotel.
one part of the body that you stretch is	legs.
one part of the body that you stretch is	arms.
one part of the body that you stretch is	back.
one part of the body that you stretch is	neck.
one part of the body that you stretch is	muscles.
one activity people might do on a hawaiian vacation is	surf.
one activity people might do on a hawaiian vacation is	luau.
one activity people might do on a hawaiian vacation is	scubadive.
one activity people might do on a hawaiian vacation is	swim.
one activity people might do on a hawaiian vacation is	snorkeling.
one activity people might do on a hawaiian vacation is	go to the beach.
one thing that always gets on your nerves is	rude people.
one thing that always gets on your nerves is	kids.
one thing that always gets on your nerves is	crying babies.
one thing that always gets on your nerves is	noise.
one thing that always gets on your nerves is	traffic.
one four-letter word that's something everyone wants is	love.
one four-letter word that's something everyone wants is	cash.
one four-letter word that's something everyone wants is	food.
one four-letter word that's something everyone wants is	gold.
one four-letter word that's something everyone wants is	hope.
one four-letter word that's something everyone wants is	luck.
one gift that you'd never buy for your workplace secret santa exchange is	underwear.
one gift that you'd never buy for your workplace secret santa exchange is	adult toy.
one gift that you'd never buy for your workplace secret santa exchange is	car.
one gift that you'd never buy for your workplace secret santa exchange is	jewelry.
one gift that you'd never buy for your workplace secret santa exchange is	clothes.
one gift that you'd never buy for your workplace secret santa exchange is	alcohol.
one thing superstitious people think is bad luck is	black cat.
one thing superstitious people think is bad luck is	under ladder.
one thing superstitious people think is bad luck is	broken mirror.
one thing superstitious people think is bad luck is	13/friday 13th.
one thing superstitious people think is bad luck is	split in pole.
one thing superstitious people think is bad luck is	step on cracks.
one thing superstitious people think is bad luck is	sweep over foot.
one drink that quenches your thirst is	water.
one drink that quenches your thirst is	gatorade.
one drink that quenches your thirst is	soft drink.
one drink that quenches your thirst is	lemonade.
one drink that quenches your thirst is	ice tea.
one drink that quenches your thirst is	orange juice.
one thing people do even though there's a sign that tells them not to is	smoke.
one thing people do even though there's a sign that tells them not to is	illegal turn.
one thing people do even though there's a sign that tells them not to is	litter.
one thing people do even though there's a sign that tells them not to is	walk on grass.
one thing people do even though there's a sign that tells them not to is	speed.
one thing people do even though there's a sign that tells them not to is	jaywalk.
one ivy league university is	yale.
one ivy league university is	harvard.
one ivy league university is	princeton.
one ivy league university is	brown.
one ivy league university is	pennsylvania.
one type of business that is dependent on good summer weather is	amusement park.
one type of business that is dependent on good summer weather is	ice cream parlor.
one type of business that is dependent on good summer weather is	swimming pool.
one type of business that is dependent on good summer weather is	boat rental.
one type of business that is dependent on good summer weather is	the beach.
one type of business that is dependent on good summer weather is	lifeguard.
one type of business that is dependent on good summer weather is	country club.
one person who cheers you up is	spouses.
one person who cheers you up is	mom.
one person who cheers you up is	children.
one person who cheers you up is	friend.
one person who cheers you up is	bestfriend.
one thing people try to get out ot is	jury duty.
one thing people try to get out ot is	work.
one thing people try to get out ot is	bills.
one thing people try to get out ot is	bad relationships.
one thing people try to get out ot is	traffic tickets.
one thing people try to get out ot is	debt.
one animal you wish didn't exist is	snakes.
one animal you wish didn't exist is	rats.
one animal you wish didn't exist is	cockroaches.
one animal you wish didn't exist is	mosquitoes.
one animal you wish didn't exist is	skunks.
one animal you wish didn't exist is	sharks.
one thing around the house that your family members use the last of and don't replace is	toilet paper.
one thing around the house that your family members use the last of and don't replace is	milk.
one thing around the house that your family members use the last of and don't replace is	tissue.
one thing around the house that your family members use the last of and don't replace is	toothpaste.
one thing around the house that your family members use the last of and don't replace is	soap.
one expensive foreign car is	ferrari.
one expensive foreign car is	porsche.
one expensive foreign car is	bmw.
one expensive foreign car is	mercedes.
one expensive foreign car is	audi.
one expensive foreign car is	peugeot.
one expensive foreign car is	lamborghini.
one thing a guy might ask a girl for at a singles bar is	phone number.
one thing a guy might ask a girl for at a singles bar is	date.
one magazine that you wish your life was more like the pages of is	people.
one magazine that you wish your life was more like the pages of is	vogue.
one magazine that you wish your life was more like the pages of is	glamour.
one magazine that you wish your life was more like the pages of is	playboy.
one magazine that you wish your life was more like the pages of is	time.
one magazine that you wish your life was more like the pages of is	forbes.
one thing that might be described as big and burly is	muscle man.
one thing that might be described as big and burly is	bear.
one thing that might be described as big and burly is	beard.
one thing you might see in a bowling alley is	bowling balls.
one thing you might see in a bowling alley is	bowling pins.
one thing you might see in a bowling alley is	lanes.
one thing you might see in a bowling alley is	bowling shoes.
one thing specific that you file is	income tax papers.
one thing specific that you file is	nails.
one thing specific that you file is	bills.
one thing specific that you file is	receipts.
one thing specific that you file is	insurance papers.
one thing specific that you file is	letters.
one thing men worry about losing is	their hair.
one thing men worry about losing is	their money.
one thing men worry about losing is	their libido.
one thing men worry about losing is	a woman.
one thing men worry about losing is	their body.
one thing men worry about losing is	their job.
one thing about miss piggy that's different from most pigs is	talks.
one thing about miss piggy that's different from most pigs is	hair.
one thing about miss piggy that's different from most pigs is	wears clothes.
the first thing a millionaire might sell if they went broke is	mansion/property.
the first thing a millionaire might sell if they went broke is	their car/limo.
the first thing a millionaire might sell if they went broke is	their boat/yacht.
the first thing a millionaire might sell if they went broke is	jewelry/watch.
the first thing a millionaire might sell if they went broke is	their business.
the first thing a millionaire might sell if they went broke is	their stocks.
one animal some people look like when they're eating is	pig.
one animal some people look like when they're eating is	monkey.
one animal some people look like when they're eating is	dog.
one animal some people look like when they're eating is	cow.
one animal some people look like when they're eating is	goat.
one country that drinks a lot of wine is	italy.
one country that drinks a lot of wine is	france.
one country that drinks a lot of wine is	united states.
one country that drinks a lot of wine is	spain.
one country that drinks a lot of wine is	argentina.
one island nation is	australia.
one island nation is	new zealand.
one island nation is	fiji.
one island nation is	japan.
one island nation is	iceland.
one thing neighbors swap with each other is	tools.
one thing neighbors swap with each other is	recipes.
one thing neighbors swap with each other is	sugar.
one thing neighbors swap with each other is	lawn mower.
one thing neighbors swap with each other is	gossip/talk.
one thing neighbors swap with each other is	phone numbers.
one thing neighbors swap with each other is	food.
one thing that runs on a schedule is	train.
one thing that runs on a schedule is	bus.
one thing a 10 year old hates more than anything else is	cleaning.
one thing a 10 year old hates more than anything else is	homework.
one thing a 10 year old hates more than anything else is	taking a bath.
one thing a 10 year old hates more than anything else is	brush teeth.
one thing a 10 year old hates more than anything else is	getting kissed.
one thing a 10 year old hates more than anything else is	school.
one thing a 10 year old hates more than anything else is	sleeping.
one thing people take in is	animals.
one thing people take in is	air.
one thing people take in is	food.
one thing people take in is	people.
one thing people take in is	clothes.
one animal whose breath could knock you out is	dog.
one animal whose breath could knock you out is	camel.
one animal whose breath could knock you out is	horse.
one animal whose breath could knock you out is	cow.
one animal whose breath could knock you out is	pig.
one animal whose breath could knock you out is	llama.
one thing people put in brownies is	nuts.
one thing people put in brownies is	chocolate.
one thing people put in brownies is	eggs.
one thing people put in brownies is	sugar.
one thing people put in brownies is	sprinkles.
one occupation whose members make history is	politician.
one occupation whose members make history is	military.
one occupation whose members make history is	astronaut.
one occupation whose members make history is	sports.
one occupation whose members make history is	judge.
one occupation whose members make history is	actor.
one occupation in which you would go on duty is	police officer.
one occupation in which you would go on duty is	military.
one occupation in which you would go on duty is	nurse.
one occupation in which you would go on duty is	guard.
one thing people go outside to do in their pajamas is	get newspaper.
one thing people go outside to do in their pajamas is	take out trash.
one thing people go outside to do in their pajamas is	get mail.
one thing people go outside to do in their pajamas is	go to store.
one thing people go outside to do in their pajamas is	sleepwalk.
one thing people go outside to do in their pajamas is	sweep outside.
one thing people go outside to do in their pajamas is	stargaze.
one thing you might put on a salad is	salad dressing.
one thing you might put on a salad is	croutons.
one thing you might put on a salad is	tomatoes.
one thing you might put on a salad is	bacon bits.
one thing you might put on a salad is	cheese.
one thing that might cause a relationship to fail is	spouse cheating.
one thing that might cause a relationship to fail is	lying.
one thing that might cause a relationship to fail is	no communication.
one thing that might cause a relationship to fail is	finances.
one thing that might cause a relationship to fail is	jealousy.
one thing you would hate to receive as a christmas present is	socks.
one thing you would hate to receive as a christmas present is	fruit cake.
one thing you would hate to receive as a christmas present is	coal.
one thing you would hate to receive as a christmas present is	underwear.
one thing you would hate to receive as a christmas present is	sweater.
one thing you would hate to receive as a christmas present is	vacuum.
one thing imported from germany is	beer.
one thing imported from germany is	cars.
one thing imported from germany is	clocks.
one thing imported from germany is	chocolate.
one thing imported from germany is	hummel figures.
one occupation that's not for the squeamish is	doctor.
one occupation that's not for the squeamish is	cornoner.
one occupation that's not for the squeamish is	paramedic.
one occupation that's not for the squeamish is	nurse.
one occupation that's not for the squeamish is	firefighter.
one occupation that's not for the squeamish is	butcher.
one occupation that's not for the squeamish is	garbage collector.
one occupation that's not for the squeamish is	sewer cleaner.
one place that should never host the winter olympics is	florida.
one place that should never host the winter olympics is	hawaii.
one place that should never host the winter olympics is	jamaica.
one place that should never host the winter olympics is	california.
one place that should never host the winter olympics is	brazil.
one place that should never host the winter olympics is	russia.
one thing that beeps to alert you is	pager.
one thing that beeps to alert you is	alarm clock.
one thing that beeps to alert you is	smoke alarm.
one thing that beeps to alert you is	cell phone.
one thing that beeps to alert you is	timer.
one thing people buy tickets for is	concert.
one thing people buy tickets for is	sporting event.
one thing people buy tickets for is	theater.
one thing people buy tickets for is	movie.
one thing people buy tickets for is	airplane.
one letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word is	b.
one letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word is	t.
one letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word is	i.
one letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word is	u.
one letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word is	g.
one letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word is	p.
one letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word is	y.
one thing a man might avoid revealing about himself while on a date is	he's divorced.
one thing a man might avoid revealing about himself while on a date is	he has kids.
one thing a man might avoid revealing about himself while on a date is	lives with parents.
one thing a man might avoid revealing about himself while on a date is	he is married.
one thing people often forget to turn off is	lights.
one thing people often forget to turn off is	television.
one thing people often forget to turn off is	coffee maker.
one thing people often forget to turn off is	stove.
one thing you would not want showing up at your house unexpectedly is	in laws.
one thing you would not want showing up at your house unexpectedly is	ex-lovers.
one thing you would not want showing up at your house unexpectedly is	police officer.
one thing you would not want showing up at your house unexpectedly is	your parents.
one thing you would not want showing up at your house unexpectedly is	the boss.
one thing you would not want showing up at your house unexpectedly is	bill collector.
one thing you would hate to happen at your wedding is	no show.
one thing you would hate to happen at your wedding is	fight.
one thing you would hate to happen at your wedding is	fall.
one thing you would hate to happen at your wedding is	rain.
one thing you would hate to happen at your wedding is	says no.
one thing you would hate to happen at your wedding is	an ex.
one thing in a house that might be made out of glass is	window.
one thing in a house that might be made out of glass is	vase.
one thing in a house that might be made out of glass is	table.
one thing in a house that might be made out of glass is	glasses.
one thing in a house that might be made out of glass is	mirror.
one thing in a house that might be made out of glass is	door.
one thing you might keep a secret stash of is	candy.
one thing you might keep a secret stash of is	money.
one person actors always thank in an award acceptance speech is	parents.
one person actors always thank in an award acceptance speech is	mate.
one person actors always thank in an award acceptance speech is	directors.
one person actors always thank in an award acceptance speech is	god.
one person actors always thank in an award acceptance speech is	producer.
one person actors always thank in an award acceptance speech is	family.
one thing a motorcycle cop needs is	helmet.
one thing a motorcycle cop needs is	motorcycle.
one thing a motorcycle cop needs is	pen.
one thing a motorcycle cop needs is	gun.
one thing a motorcycle cop needs is	sunglasses.
one thing that kids count in order to pass time on a car trip is	dictionary.
one thing that kids count in order to pass time on a car trip is	phonebook.
one thing that kids count in order to pass time on a car trip is	textbook.
one instrument kids learn to play at school is	recorder.
one instrument kids learn to play at school is	piano.
one instrument kids learn to play at school is	flute.
one instrument kids learn to play at school is	drums.
one instrument kids learn to play at school is	trumpet.
one instrument kids learn to play at school is	violin.
one instrument kids learn to play at school is	guitar.
one instrument kids learn to play at school is	triangle.
one thing in your car you can control with a push of a button is	radio.
one thing in your car you can control with a push of a button is	windows.
one thing in your car you can control with a push of a button is	temperature.
one thing in your car you can control with a push of a button is	locks.
one thing in your car you can control with a push of a button is	horn.
one thing you wish you could bring to work is	pets.
one thing you wish you could bring to work is	kids.
one thing you wish you could bring to work is	tv.
one thing you wish you could bring to work is	bed.
one thing you wish you could bring to work is	pillows.
one thing you wish you could bring to work is	alcohol.
one thing a criminal would ditch if the feds were after him is	weapon.
one thing a criminal would ditch if the feds were after him is	car.
one thing a criminal would ditch if the feds were after him is	disguise/mask.
one thing a criminal would ditch if the feds were after him is	money/loot.
one thing a criminal would ditch if the feds were after him is	accomplice.
one tattoo that too many people have is	butterfly.
one tattoo that too many people have is	heart.
one tattoo that too many people have is	flower.
one tattoo that too many people have is	skull.
one tattoo that too many people have is	cross.
one thing a child might make for their mom is	card.
one thing a child might make for their mom is	pictures.
one thing a child might make for their mom is	breakfast.
one thing a child might make for their mom is	macaroni art.
one city you would be afraid to go trick or treating in is	new york city.
one city you would be afraid to go trick or treating in is	detroit.
one city you would be afraid to go trick or treating in is	chicago.
one city you would be afraid to go trick or treating in is	new orleans.
one city you would be afraid to go trick or treating in is	salem.
one place where you might see a clown is	circus.
one place where you might see a clown is	fair.
one thing the planet earth would be better off with less of is	pollution.
one thing the planet earth would be better off with less of is	people.
one thing the planet earth would be better off with less of is	cars.
one thing the planet earth would be better off with less of is	politicians.
one thing the planet earth would be better off with less of is	mosquitoes.
one thing the planet earth would be better off with less of is	crime.
one thing the planet earth would be better off with less of is	hatred.
one thing you might find in a tree is	bird.
one thing you might find in a tree is	fruit.
one thing you might find in a tree is	leaves.
one thing you might find in a tree is	cat.
one thing you might find in a tree is	nest.
one thing you might find in a tree is	branches.
one person famous with "jessica" in their  is	jessica simpson.
one person famous with "jessica" in their  is	jessica lange.
one person famous with "jessica" in their  is	jessica savitch.
one person famous with "jessica" in their  is	s. jessica parker.
one person famous with "jessica" in their  is	jessica alba.
one person famous with "jessica" in their  is	jessica lynch.
one person famous with "jessica" in their  is	jessica biel.
one thing you reach for when the toilet overflows is	plunger.
one thing you reach for when the toilet overflows is	towel.
one thing you reach for when the toilet overflows is	mop.
one thing you reach for when the toilet overflows is	plug.
one thing you reach for when the toilet overflows is	door.
one thing a woman might lie about while being interviewed for a job is	age.
one thing a woman might lie about while being interviewed for a job is	experience.
one thing a woman might lie about while being interviewed for a job is	skills.
one thing a woman might lie about while being interviewed for a job is	marriage status.
one thing a woman might lie about while being interviewed for a job is	education.
one kind of place where time seems to pass very slowly is	doctor.
one kind of place where time seems to pass very slowly is	work.
one kind of place where time seems to pass very slowly is	school.
one kind of place where time seems to pass very slowly is	church.
one kind of place where time seems to pass very slowly is	airport.
one kind of place where time seems to pass very slowly is	traffic.
one thing a man might get his tie caught in is	door.
one thing a man might get his tie caught in is	zipper.
one thing a man might get his tie caught in is	paper shredder.
one thing a man might get his tie caught in is	window.
one thing a man might get his tie caught in is	drawer.
one thing people do to pass the time while cooking is	watch tv.
one thing people do to pass the time while cooking is	read.
one thing people do to pass the time while cooking is	radio.
one thing people do to pass the time while cooking is	sing.
one thing people do to pass the time while cooking is	talk on phone.
one thing that could go wrong at a dog park is	dogs fight.
one thing that could go wrong at a dog park is	dogs get loose.
one thing that could go wrong at a dog park is	cat shows up.
one thing that's a lot more expensive this year than it was last year is	gasoline.
one thing that's a lot more expensive this year than it was last year is	food.
one thing that's a lot more expensive this year than it was last year is	everything.
one thing that's a lot more expensive this year than it was last year is	cars.
one thing that's a lot more expensive this year than it was last year is	rent.
one thing that's a lot more expensive this year than it was last year is	clothes.
one person people especially enjoy winning an argument with is	spouse/mate.
one person people especially enjoy winning an argument with is	parents.
one person people especially enjoy winning an argument with is	siblings.
one person people especially enjoy winning an argument with is	lawyers.
one person people especially enjoy winning an argument with is	kids.
one device used for cutting is	knife.
one device used for cutting is	scissors.
one device used for cutting is	saw.
one device used for cutting is	axe.
one thing people do to their dogs is	walk them.
one thing people do to their dogs is	feed them.
one thing people do to their dogs is	pet them.
one thing people do to their dogs is	trim.
one thing people do to their dogs is	bathe them.
one thing people do to their dogs is	train.
one thing men enjoy shopping for is	tools.
one thing men enjoy shopping for is	cars.
one thing regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over is	kathie lee.
one thing regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over is	himself.
one thing regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over is	age.
one thing regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over is	sports.
one thing regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over is	money.
one thing regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over is	food.
one thing regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over is	wife.
one way a rich person might lose all his money is	gamble.
one way a rich person might lose all his money is	stock market.
one way a rich person might lose all his money is	bad investment.
one way a rich person might lose all his money is	bankruptcy.
one way a rich person might lose all his money is	put in an ira.
one way a rich person might lose all his money is	invest in microsoft.
one thing every student knows how to cook is	eggs.
one thing every student knows how to cook is	mac and cheese.
one thing every student knows how to cook is	ramen.
one thing every student knows how to cook is	hot dog.
one thing every student knows how to cook is	grilled cheese.
one food that turns brown when it is not fresh is	banana.
one food that turns brown when it is not fresh is	apple.
one food that turns brown when it is not fresh is	lettuce.
one food that turns brown when it is not fresh is	ground beef.
one food that turns brown when it is not fresh is	avocado.
one food that turns brown when it is not fresh is	strawberries.
one thing you might catch in a net is	fish.
one thing you might catch in a net is	butterflies.
one thing you might catch in a net is	crabs.
one thing you might catch in a net is	balls.
one job that, for one reason or another, would be too hard for you is	doctor.
one job that, for one reason or another, would be too hard for you is	construction.
one job that, for one reason or another, would be too hard for you is	nurse.
one job that, for one reason or another, would be too hard for you is	police officer.
one job that, for one reason or another, would be too hard for you is	athlete.
one job that, for one reason or another, would be too hard for you is	teacher.
one person a man relies on for advice is	wife.
one person a man relies on for advice is	soul mate.
one person a man relies on for advice is	matriarch.
one person a man relies on for advice is	lover.
one person a man relies on for advice is	housewife.
one person a man relies on for advice is	girlfriend.
one person a man relies on for advice is	companion.
one person a man relies on for advice is	spouse.
one person a man relies on for advice is	chum.
one person a man relies on for advice is	best friend.
one person a man relies on for advice is	buddy.
one person a man relies on for advice is	friend.
one person a man relies on for advice is	pal.
one person a man relies on for advice is	comrade.
one person a man relies on for advice is	amigo.
one person a man relies on for advice is	mum.
one person a man relies on for advice is	mother.
one person a man relies on for advice is	mama.
one person a man relies on for advice is	father.
one person a man relies on for advice is	papa.
one person a man relies on for advice is	dad.
one person a man relies on for advice is	pop.
one person a man relies on for advice is	vicar.
one person a man relies on for advice is	reverend.
one person a man relies on for advice is	priest.
one person a man relies on for advice is	parson.
one person a man relies on for advice is	bishop.
one person a man relies on for advice is	clergy.
one person a man relies on for advice is	minister.
one person a man relies on for advice is	pastor.
one person a man relies on for advice is	shrink.
one person a man relies on for advice is	therapist.
one person a man relies on for advice is	psychiatrist.
one person a man relies on for advice is	analyst.
one person a man relies on for advice is	alienist.
one place where it would be inappropriate to tell a dirty joke is	place of worship.
one place where it would be inappropriate to tell a dirty joke is	funeral.
one place where it would be inappropriate to tell a dirty joke is	work.
one place where it would be inappropriate to tell a dirty joke is	wedding.
one place where it would be inappropriate to tell a dirty joke is	dinner.
one thing you wish you had bought stock in is	microsoft.
one thing you wish you had bought stock in is	google.
one thing you wish you had bought stock in is	oil.
one thing you wish you had bought stock in is	walmart.
one thing you wish you had bought stock in is	apple.
one thing you wish you had bought stock in is	ebay.
one thing you might see in a children's playground is	swing set.
one thing you might see in a children's playground is	slide.
one thing you might see in a children's playground is	children.
one thing you might see in a children's playground is	monkey bars.
one thing you might see in a children's playground is	merry go round.
one thing you might see in a children's playground is	sandbox.
one thing the whole family does together is	eat.
one thing the whole family does together is	vacation/travel.
one thing the whole family does together is	church/pray.
one thing the whole family does together is	play games.
one of the disadvantages of driving an suv is	gas guzzler.
one of the disadvantages of driving an suv is	overturn easily.
one of the disadvantages of driving an suv is	hard to park.
one of the disadvantages of driving an suv is	too big.
one of the disadvantages of driving an suv is	blind spots.
one thing people say they have 'given up' that they still do secretly is	smoking.
one thing people say they have 'given up' that they still do secretly is	drinking.
one thing people say they have 'given up' that they still do secretly is	taking drugs.
one thing people say they have 'given up' that they still do secretly is	eating wrong foods.
one thing people say they have 'given up' that they still do secretly is	watching television.
one thing that falls from the sky is	rain.
one thing that falls from the sky is	snow.
one thing that falls from the sky is	stars.
one thing that falls from the sky is	meteors.
one thing that has a face is	clock/watch.
one thing that has a face is	person.
one thing that has a face is	animal.
one thing that has a face is	mask.
one thing a man owns that he hates other people to play with is	car.
one thing a man owns that he hates other people to play with is	stereo.
one thing a man owns that he hates other people to play with is	tools.
one thing a man owns that he hates other people to play with is	computer.
one thing a man owns that he hates other people to play with is	tv.
one thing a man owns that he hates other people to play with is	vcr.
one thing a man owns that he hates other people to play with is	shotgun.
one perfomer or group whose music spans generations is	cables.
one perfomer or group whose music spans generations is	shoes.
one perfomer or group whose music spans generations is	carpet.
one perfomer or group whose music spans generations is	toys.
one perfomer or group whose music spans generations is	pets.
one perfomer or group whose music spans generations is	stairs.
one thing michael jordan is famous for endorsing is	shoes.
one thing michael jordan is famous for endorsing is	phone companies.
one thing michael jordan is famous for endorsing is	underwear.
one thing michael jordan is famous for endorsing is	hot dogs.
one thing michael jordan is famous for endorsing is	sports drinks.
the number one state people want to live in is	california.
the number one state people want to live in is	florida.
the number one state people want to live in is	new york.
the number one state people want to live in is	hawaii.
the number one state people want to live in is	washington.
the number one state people want to live in is	pennsylvania.
the last thing you would say to your boss if you quit your job is	goodbye.
the last thing you would say to your boss if you quit your job is	i quit.
the last thing you would say to your boss if you quit your job is	i hate you.
the last thing you would say to your boss if you quit your job is	thank you.
the last thing you would say to your boss if you quit your job is	good luck.
the last thing you would say to your boss if you quit your job is	shove it.
one thing in your house that's extra dirty after a big party is	floor.
one thing in your house that's extra dirty after a big party is	bathroom.
one thing in your house that's extra dirty after a big party is	table.
one thing in your house that's extra dirty after a big party is	ashtrays.
one thing in your house that's extra dirty after a big party is	couch.
one thing in your house that's extra dirty after a big party is	kitchen.
one thing for which you've gotten a traffic ticket is	speeding.
one thing for which you've gotten a traffic ticket is	illegal parking.
one thing for which you've gotten a traffic ticket is	running red lights.
one thing for which you've gotten a traffic ticket is	running stop signs.
one thing for which you've gotten a traffic ticket is	illegal turn.
one thing people hold on tight to is	money.
one thing people hold on tight to is	love.
one thing people hold on tight to is	roller coaster.
one thing people hold on tight to is	someone's hand.
one thing people hold on tight to is	life.
one thing people hold on tight to is	memories.
one thing people hold on tight to is	dreams.
one thing people hold on tight to is	handles.
one thing on a car that makes a lot of noise when it's in need of repair is	muffler.
one thing on a car that makes a lot of noise when it's in need of repair is	engine.
one thing on a car that makes a lot of noise when it's in need of repair is	brakes.
one thing on a car that makes a lot of noise when it's in need of repair is	tires.
one thing a doctor might give you that you don't really want is	shot.
one thing a doctor might give you that you don't really want is	exam.
one thing a doctor might give you that you don't really want is	news.
one thing a doctor might give you that you don't really want is	advice.
one thing a doctor might give you that you don't really want is	bill.
one thing a police officer might be embarrassed to say he or she doesn't know how to do is	shoot a gun.
one thing a police officer might be embarrassed to say he or she doesn't know how to do is	write a ticket.
one thing no fairy tale would be complete without is	happy ending.
one thing no fairy tale would be complete without is	prince.
one thing no fairy tale would be complete without is	witch.
one thing no fairy tale would be complete without is	princess.
one thing no fairy tale would be complete without is	fairy godmother.
one thing that has a horn is	car.
one thing that has a horn is	unicorn.
one thing that has a horn is	rhino.
one thing that has a horn is	bull.
one thing that has a horn is	deer.
one thing that has a horn is	goat.
one thing that has a horn is	bicycle.
one thing that has a horn is	ship.
one thing you would hate to happen at a bbq is	rain.
one thing you would hate to happen at a bbq is	burn food.
one thing you would hate to happen at a bbq is	catch fire.
one thing you would hate to happen at a bbq is	not enough food.
one thing people might regret doing to their body is	get a tattoo.
one thing people might regret doing to their body is	piercing.
one thing people might regret doing to their body is	plastic surgery.
one thing people might regret doing to their body is	smoking.
one thing people might regret doing to their body is	sunbathing.
one thing that kids skip is	skip school/class.
one thing that kids skip is	skip meal/eating.
one thing that kids skip is	skip rope.
one thing that kids skip is	...brushing teeth.
one thing that kids skip is	skip homework.
one thing that kids skip is	skip a grade.
one person in your life you've had to prove yourself to is	mother.
one person in your life you've had to prove yourself to is	myself.
one person in your life you've had to prove yourself to is	boss.
one person in your life you've had to prove yourself to is	spouse.
one person in your life you've had to prove yourself to is	friend.
one person in your life you've had to prove yourself to is	teacher.
one thing men will actually take the time to clean is	car.
one thing men will actually take the time to clean is	themselves.
one thing men will actually take the time to clean is	hair.
one thing men will actually take the time to clean is	teeth.
one thing a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about steaking it is	alarm.
one thing a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about steaking it is	club.
one thing a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about steaking it is	dog.
one thing a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about steaking it is	stereo.
one thing a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about steaking it is	people.
one kind of place where you wouldn't want to sit in the front row is	movies.
one kind of place where you wouldn't want to sit in the front row is	theater.
one kind of place where you wouldn't want to sit in the front row is	concert.
one kind of place where you wouldn't want to sit in the front row is	church.
one kind of place where you wouldn't want to sit in the front row is	boxing.
one kind of place where you wouldn't want to sit in the front row is	roller coaster.
one sport that does not contain the word "ball" is	hockey.
one sport that does not contain the word "ball" is	soccer.
one sport that does not contain the word "ball" is	golf.
one sport that does not contain the word "ball" is	tennis.
one sport that does not contain the word "ball" is	swimming.
one thing in the kitchen that makes noise is	blender.
one thing in the kitchen that makes noise is	dishwasher.
one thing in the kitchen that makes noise is	microwave.
one thing in the kitchen that makes noise is	pots and pans.
one thing in the kitchen that makes noise is	refrigerator.
one thing you do just before a visit to the dentist is	brush.
one thing you do just before a visit to the dentist is	floss.
one thing you do just before a visit to the dentist is	gargle.
one thing you do just before a visit to the dentist is	mint.
one thing you do just before a visit to the dentist is	sweat.
one thing a witch would have to ride if her broom was broken is	mop.
one thing a witch would have to ride if her broom was broken is	vacuum cleaner.
one thing a witch would have to ride if her broom was broken is	stick.
one thing a witch would have to ride if her broom was broken is	bicycle.
one thing a witch would have to ride if her broom was broken is	motorcycle.
one thing a witch would have to ride if her broom was broken is	car.
one person famous who you think should not be is	kim kardashian.
one person famous who you think should not be is	paris hilton.
one person famous who you think should not be is	miley cyrus.
one person famous who you think should not be is	justin beiber.
one person famous who you think should not be is	barack obama.
one ugly dog breed is	pug.
one ugly dog breed is	chinese crested.
one ugly dog breed is	bulldog.
one ugly dog breed is	pit bull.
one ugly dog breed is	poodle.
one ugly dog breed is	boxer.
one celebrity who you recognize by their voice alone is	james earl jones.
one celebrity who you recognize by their voice alone is	morgan freeman.
one celebrity who you recognize by their voice alone is	arnold schwartzenager.
one celebrity who you recognize by their voice alone is	samuel l. jackson.
one celebrity who you recognize by their voice alone is	tom hanks.
one improper place where you found yourself cracking jokes is	church/temple.
one improper place where you found yourself cracking jokes is	funeral.
one improper place where you found yourself cracking jokes is	job/interview.
one improper place where you found yourself cracking jokes is	court/jury duty.
one type of tree that grows very tall is	redwood.
one type of tree that grows very tall is	oak.
one type of tree that grows very tall is	pine.
one type of tree that grows very tall is	palm.
one type of tree that grows very tall is	elm.
one type of tree that grows very tall is	cypress.
one reason you might paint your face is	halloween costume.
one reason you might paint your face is	sports.
one reason you might paint your face is	party.
one reason you might paint your face is	you're a clown.
one reason you might paint your face is	carnival.
one household supply that you never want to run out of is	toilet paper.
one household supply that you never want to run out of is	soap.
one household supply that you never want to run out of is	laundry detergent.
one household supply that you never want to run out of is	household cleaner.
one household supply that you never want to run out of is	dish soap.
one thing that a magician might try to escape from is	locked box.
one thing that a magician might try to escape from is	chains/handcuffs.
one thing that a magician might try to escape from is	water tank.
one thing that a magician might try to escape from is	straight jacket.
one thing that a magician might try to escape from is	cage/cell.
one famous character who wore a mask is	zorro.
one famous character who wore a mask is	lone ranger.
one famous character who wore a mask is	ranger.
one famous character who wore a mask is	wayne.
one famous character who wore a mask is	dark knight.
one famous character who wore a mask is	caped crusader.
one famous character who wore a mask is	bruce wayne.
one famous character who wore a mask is	batman.
one famous character who wore a mask is	of the opera.
one famous character who wore a mask is	opera.
one famous character who wore a mask is	phantom of the opera.
one famous character who wore a mask is	the opera.
one thing you might find right next to the bathtub is	soap.
one thing you might find right next to the bathtub is	toilet.
one thing you might find right next to the bathtub is	mat.
one thing you might find right next to the bathtub is	towel.
one thing you might find right next to the bathtub is	towel rack.
one thing you might find right next to the bathtub is	sink.
one thing people often steal from the office to use at home is	pens/pencils.
one thing people often steal from the office to use at home is	paper.
one thing people often steal from the office to use at home is	stapler.
one thing people often steal from the office to use at home is	paper clips.
one thing people often steal from the office to use at home is	computer.
one thing people often steal from the office to use at home is	tape.
one thing people often steal from the office to use at home is	post-its.
one thing people often steal from the office to use at home is	toilet paper.
one thing adults take lessons in is	dancing.
one thing adults take lessons in is	computers.
one thing adults take lessons in is	music/instrument.
one thing adults take lessons in is	parenting.
one thing adults take lessons in is	exercise/swimming.
one thing adults take lessons in is	swimming.
one thing that parents would ask their kids to wear in cold weather is	coat.
one thing that parents would ask their kids to wear in cold weather is	hat.
one thing that parents would ask their kids to wear in cold weather is	gloves.
one thing that parents would ask their kids to wear in cold weather is	boots.
one thing that parents would ask their kids to wear in cold weather is	scarves.
one thing that parents would ask their kids to wear in cold weather is	sweater.
one action movie star with a foreign accent is	schwarzenegger.
one action movie star with a foreign accent is	antonio banderas.
one action movie star with a foreign accent is	jackie chan.
one action movie star with a foreign accent is	sean connery.
one action movie star with a foreign accent is	jean-c. van damme.
one action movie star with a foreign accent is	russell crowe.
one thing your doctor might tell you to do is	lose weight.
one thing your doctor might tell you to do is	exercise.
one thing your doctor might tell you to do is	rest.
one thing your doctor might tell you to do is	take medicine.
one thing your doctor might tell you to do is	go on a diet.
one thing you might find in a park is	playgrounds.
one thing you might find in a park is	park benches.
one thing you might find in a park is	trees.
one thing you might find in a park is	other people.
one thing you might find in a park is	birds.
one thing a man might lose that would cause him to freak out is	wallet/money.
one thing a man might lose that would cause him to freak out is	keys.
one thing a man might lose that would cause him to freak out is	wedding ring.
one thing a man might lose that would cause him to freak out is	hair.
one thing a man might lose that would cause him to freak out is	sex drive.
one thing a man might lose that would cause him to freak out is	job.
one thing a man might lose that would cause him to freak out is	wife/woman.
one thing people tune into the super bowl to watch is	commercials.
one thing people tune into the super bowl to watch is	half time show.
one thing people tune into the super bowl to watch is	football game.
one thing a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her is	turns her head.
one thing a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her is	pretends sick.
one thing a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her is	moves away.
one thing a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her is	onions.
one thing a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her is	offers her hand.
other than drink coffee, one do people do while at a cafe is	talk.
other than drink coffee, one do people do while at a cafe is	read.
other than drink coffee, one do people do while at a cafe is	eat.
other than drink coffee, one do people do while at a cafe is	use computer.
other than drink coffee, one do people do while at a cafe is	smoke.
other than acting one profession that celebrity actors might take up is	singing.
other than acting one profession that celebrity actors might take up is	directing.
other than acting one profession that celebrity actors might take up is	modeling.
other than acting one profession that celebrity actors might take up is	fashion design.
other than acting one profession that celebrity actors might take up is	politics.
other than acting one profession that celebrity actors might take up is	spokeperson.
other than himself, one thing a man cleans before a big date (more specific than "house") is	car.
other than himself, one thing a man cleans before a big date (more specific than "house") is	bathroom.
other than himself, one thing a man cleans before a big date (more specific than "house") is	kitchen.
other than himself, one thing a man cleans before a big date (more specific than "house") is	bedroom.
other than himself, one thing a man cleans before a big date (more specific than "house") is	clothes.
other than movie tickets one thing a crowded movie theatre might run out of is	popcorn.
other than movie tickets one thing a crowded movie theatre might run out of is	space.
other than movie tickets one thing a crowded movie theatre might run out of is	candy.
on a resume one might a person claim they can do quickly is	type.
on a resume one might a person claim they can do quickly is	learn.
on a resume one might a person claim they can do quickly is	finish tasks.
other than nice houses, one sign that you're in a well-to-do neighborhood is	nice cars.
other than nice houses, one sign that you're in a well-to-do neighborhood is	manicured lawns.
other than nice houses, one sign that you're in a well-to-do neighborhood is	clean streets.
other than nice houses, one sign that you're in a well-to-do neighborhood is	pools.
other than a canvas, one thing that you put paint on is	wall.
other than a canvas, one thing that you put paint on is	house/building.
other than a canvas, one thing that you put paint on is	a face.
other than a canvas, one thing that you put paint on is	porch/fence.
other than a canvas, one thing that you put paint on is	nails.
other than the us, one country is known for making films is	france.
other than the us, one country is known for making films is	canada.
other than the us, one country is known for making films is	japan.
other than the us, one country is known for making films is	england.
other than the us, one country is known for making films is	china.
other than the us, one country is known for making films is	india.
other than the us, one country is known for making films is	italy.
other than gambling one do casinos have inside to get customers to stick around is	cocktails.
other than gambling one do casinos have inside to get customers to stick around is	food.
other than gambling one do casinos have inside to get customers to stick around is	bright lights.
other than gambling one do casinos have inside to get customers to stick around is	beautiful women.
other than gambling one do casinos have inside to get customers to stick around is	entertainment.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how bad does your headache have to be before you call in sick to work? A:	7.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how bad does your headache have to be before you call in sick to work? A:	8.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how bad does your headache have to be before you call in sick to work? A:	10.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how bad does your headache have to be before you call in sick to work? A:	9.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how bad does your headache have to be before you call in sick to work? A:	5.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how bad does your headache have to be before you call in sick to work? A:	6.
Q: other than darling, give me a term of endearment? A:	honey.
Q: other than darling, give me a term of endearment? A:	sweetheart.
Q: other than darling, give me a term of endearment? A:	sweetie.
Q: other than darling, give me a term of endearment? A:	love.
Q: other than darling, give me a term of endearment? A:	dear.
Q: other than darling, give me a term of endearment? A:	baby.
on any given day one's the most expensive thing you wear is	jewelry.
on any given day one's the most expensive thing you wear is	clothes/shoes.
past or present, one famous magician is	harry houdini.
past or present, one famous magician is	david copperfield.
past or present, one famous magician is	merlin.
past or present, one famous magician is	david blane.
past or presentone presidential couple whose dinner conversations youd love to eavesdrop on is	the clintons.
past or presentone presidential couple whose dinner conversations youd love to eavesdrop on is	the obamas.
past or presentone presidential couple whose dinner conversations youd love to eavesdrop on is	bush jr. and laura.
past or presentone presidential couple whose dinner conversations youd love to eavesdrop on is	the reagans.
past or presentone presidential couple whose dinner conversations youd love to eavesdrop on is	the kennedys.
past or present, one tv judge is	judge judy.
past or present, one tv judge is	judge mathis.
past or present, one tv judge is	judge wapner.
past or present, one tv judge is	judge joe brown.
past or present, one famous dumb blonde who's very smart with her career is	pamela anderson.
past or present, one famous dumb blonde who's very smart with her career is	jessica simpson.
past or present, one famous dumb blonde who's very smart with her career is	marilyn monroe.
past or present, one famous dumb blonde who's very smart with her career is	suzanne somers.
past or present, one famous dumb blonde who's very smart with her career is	goldie hawn.
past or present, one famous dumb blonde who's very smart with her career is	britney spears.
Q: past or present, who deserves the title "world's greatest athlete"? A:	michael jordan.
Q: past or present, who deserves the title "world's greatest athlete"? A:	muhammad ali.
Q: past or present, who deserves the title "world's greatest athlete"? A:	lance armstrong.
Q: past or present, who deserves the title "world's greatest athlete"? A:	babe ruth.
Q: past or present, who deserves the title "world's greatest athlete"? A:	jim thorpe.
Q: past or present, who deserves the title "world's greatest athlete"? A:	jesse owens.
past or present, one famous olympic sprinter is	florence joyner.
past or present, one famous olympic sprinter is	mickie joyner kersee.
past or present, one famous olympic sprinter is	bruce jenner.
past or present, one famous olympic sprinter is	michael johnson.
real or fictional one famous cowboy is	john wayne.
real or fictional one famous cowboy is	roy rogers.
real or fictional one famous cowboy is	billy the kid.
real or fictional one famous cowboy is	lone ranger.
real or fictional one famous cowboy is	woody.
real or fictional, one famous outlaw is	jesse james.
real or fictional, one famous outlaw is	billy the kid.
real or fictional, one famous outlaw is	jesse wales.
real or fictional, one famous outlaw is	bonnie/clyde.
real or fictional,  one person with "simon" in their  is	paul simon.
real or fictional,  one person with "simon" in their  is	simon cowell.
real or fictional,  one person with "simon" in their  is	"simple simon".
real or fictional,  one person with "simon" in their  is	"simon says".
real or fictional,  one person with "simon" in their  is	...peter apostle.
real or fictional,  one person with "simon" in their  is	simon legree.
real or fictional,  one person with "simon" in their  is	simon "chipmunk".
real or fictional,  one person with "simon" in their  is	neil simon.
Q: something people stand in front of a mirror to practice? A:	speech/talking.
Q: something people stand in front of a mirror to practice? A:	dancing.
Q: something people stand in front of a mirror to practice? A:	smiling.
Q: something people stand in front of a mirror to practice? A:	singing.
some people are called "horse faced"  another animal people look like is	dogs.
some people are called "horse faced"  another animal people look like is	pigs.
some people are called "horse faced"  another animal people look like is	monkeys.
some people are called "horse faced"  another animal people look like is	donkeys.
some people are called "horse faced"  another animal people look like is	cows.
Q: something that requires almost constant maintenance? A:	car.
Q: something that requires almost constant maintenance? A:	home/building.
Q: something that requires almost constant maintenance? A:	yard/lawn.
Q: something that requires almost constant maintenance? A:	hair.
Q: something that requires almost constant maintenance? A:	pets.
Q: something that requires almost constant maintenance? A:	children/babies.
Q: something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of? A:	oil/gas.
Q: something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of? A:	flu shot/vaccine.
Q: something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of? A:	money.
Q: something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of? A:	jobs.
Q: something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of? A:	food.
Q: something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of? A:	water.
Q: something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of? A:	blood.
Q: something people deliver for a living? A:	newspapers.
Q: something people deliver for a living? A:	mail.
Q: something people deliver for a living? A:	pizza.
Q: something people deliver for a living? A:	flowers.
Q: something people deliver for a living? A:	packages.
Q: something people deliver for a living? A:	furniture.
Q: something people deliver for a living? A:	babies.
one article of clothing worm by both men and women is	jacket.
one article of clothing worm by both men and women is	jeans.
one article of clothing worm by both men and women is	t-shirt.
one article of clothing worm by both men and women is	hat.
one article of clothing worm by both men and women is	earrings.
one article of clothing worm by both men and women is	pants.
one article of clothing worm by both men and women is	belts.
how you know that your friend is on a diet is	eating less.
how you know that your friend is on a diet is	losing weight.
how you know that your friend is on a diet is	eating healthy.
how you know that your friend is on a diet is	cranky.
the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat(numeric only) is	70.
the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat(numeric only) is	75.
the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat(numeric only) is	72.
the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat(numeric only) is	100.
the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat(numeric only) is	68.
the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat(numeric only) is	65.
the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat(numeric only) is	60.
one reason why a person might be awake at 3am is	insomnia.
one reason why a person might be awake at 3am is	working.
one reason why a person might be awake at 3am is	sick.
one reason why a person might be awake at 3am is	new baby.
one reason why a person might be awake at 3am is	studying.
one reason why a person might be awake at 3am is	nightmare.
one reason why a person might be awake at 3am is	use bathroom.
one place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in is	work.
one place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in is	church.
one place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in is	school.
one place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in is	car.
one place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in is	movies.
one place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in is	airplane.
one place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in is	pool.
one symbol used to represent love is	heart.
one symbol used to represent love is	cupid.
one symbol used to represent love is	kiss.
one symbol used to represent love is	ring.
one symbol used to represent love is	rose.
one place in the house where a nosey house guest might snoop is	bedroom doors.
one place in the house where a nosey house guest might snoop is	medicine cabinet.
one place in the house where a nosey house guest might snoop is	fridge/pantry.
one place in the house where a nosey house guest might snoop is	closets.
one place in the house where a nosey house guest might snoop is	basement.
one noise that birds make is	chirp/cheep.
one noise that birds make is	tweet.
one noise that birds make is	caw caw.
one noise that birds make is	squawk.
one noise that birds make is	cluck.
one thing you're likely to find at a hotel continental breakfast is	eggs.
one thing you're likely to find at a hotel continental breakfast is	cereal.
one thing you're likely to find at a hotel continental breakfast is	muffins.
one thing you're likely to find at a hotel continental breakfast is	coffee.
one thing you're likely to find at a hotel continental breakfast is	bagels.
one thing you're likely to find at a hotel continental breakfast is	toast.
one food that goes great with beer is	pizza.
one food that goes great with beer is	nuts.
one food that goes great with beer is	pretzels.
one food that goes great with beer is	chips.
one food that goes great with beer is	chicken wings.
one thing you watch for out of your plane window is	clouds.
one thing you watch for out of your plane window is	lightning.
one thing you watch for out of your plane window is	bodies of water.
one thing you watch for out of your plane window is	other planes.
one thing you watch for out of your plane window is	houses.
one thing you watch for out of your plane window is	birds.
the age when a girl should be allowed to start dating (numaric only) is	16.
the age when a girl should be allowed to start dating (numaric only) is	17.
the age when a girl should be allowed to start dating (numaric only) is	18.
the age when a girl should be allowed to start dating (numaric only) is	14.
the age when a girl should be allowed to start dating (numaric only) is	15.
the age when a girl should be allowed to start dating (numaric only) is	13.
one reason you like to shop on line is	easy.
one reason you like to shop on line is	cheaper.
one reason you like to shop on line is	no lines.
one reason you like to shop on line is	faster.
one reason you like to shop on line is	stay at home.
one critter you'd only eat if you were stranded in the woods for weeks is	squirrel.
one critter you'd only eat if you were stranded in the woods for weeks is	ants/bugs.
one critter you'd only eat if you were stranded in the woods for weeks is	worms.
one critter you'd only eat if you were stranded in the woods for weeks is	rat/mouse.
one critter you'd only eat if you were stranded in the woods for weeks is	rabbit.
one critter you'd only eat if you were stranded in the woods for weeks is	raccoon.
one thing that responsible adults do on a regular basis is	work.
one thing that responsible adults do on a regular basis is	pay bills.
one thing that responsible adults do on a regular basis is	cook.
one thing that responsible adults do on a regular basis is	clean/laundry.
one thing that responsible adults do on a regular basis is	doctor/dentist.
one thing that responsible adults do on a regular basis is	oil change.
one thing a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing is	talking.
one thing a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing is	no tip.
one thing a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing is	giving orders.
one thing a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing is	eating.
one thing a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing is	drunk/sick.
one thing a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing is	kissing.
one thing a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing is	leaving things.
how many items they allow in most supermarket express lines (numeric only) is	10.
how many items they allow in most supermarket express lines (numeric only) is	15.
how many items they allow in most supermarket express lines (numeric only) is	12.
how many items they allow in most supermarket express lines (numeric only) is	8.
how many items they allow in most supermarket express lines (numeric only) is	9.
how many items they allow in most supermarket express lines (numeric only) is	7.
one important document you'd hate to lose in a fire is	birth certificate.
one important document you'd hate to lose in a fire is	car title.
the age a man might start losing his hair is	40.
the age a man might start losing his hair is	30.
one thing a person could have that makes you not want to kiss them is	bad breath.
one thing a person could have that makes you not want to kiss them is	send us your answers!.
one thing that kids hate to have taken away from them be specific is	toy.
one thing that kids hate to have taken away from them be specific is	tv.
one thing that kids hate to have taken away from them be specific is	cell phone.
one thing that kids hate to have taken away from them be specific is	candy.
one thing that kids hate to have taken away from them be specific is	video games.
one thing that kids hate to have taken away from them be specific is	computer.
one thing you should never do in a crowded movie theater is	talk.
one thing you should never do in a crowded movie theater is	fart.
one thing you should never do in a crowded movie theater is	yell "fire".
one thing you should never do in a crowded movie theater is	talk on the phone.
one thing you should never do in a crowded movie theater is	make out.
one thing a person might do before bed that makes it hard to sleep is	drink coffee.
one thing a person might do before bed that makes it hard to sleep is	eat food.
one thing a person might do before bed that makes it hard to sleep is	watch tv.
one thing a person might do before bed that makes it hard to sleep is	exercise.
one phrase people yell out when somebody knocks on the door is	"who is it?".
one phrase people yell out when somebody knocks on the door is	"come in".
one phrase people yell out when somebody knocks on the door is	"i'm coming".
one phrase people yell out when somebody knocks on the door is	"just a minute".
one thing you see on daytime tv is	news.
one thing you see on daytime tv is	oprah winfrey.
one thing you see on daytime tv is	ellen degeneres.
one thing you see on daytime tv is	soap operas.
one thing you see on daytime tv is	talk shows.
one thing you see on daytime tv is	steve harvey.
one thing about a duck is	quacks.
one thing about a duck is	swims.
one thing about a duck is	webbed feet.
one thing about a duck is	waddles.
one thing about a duck is	bill.
one thing about a duck is	feathers.
one thing most men think they can't live without is	sex/women.
one thing most men think they can't live without is	television/remote.
one thing most men think they can't live without is	money.
one thing most men think they can't live without is	car.
one thing most men think they can't live without is	sports.
one thing most men think they can't live without is	food.
one person who parents tell their kids to have respect for (more specific than "elders") is	teacher.
one person who parents tell their kids to have respect for (more specific than "elders") is	grandparent.
one person who parents tell their kids to have respect for (more specific than "elders") is	police officer.
one person who parents tell their kids to have respect for (more specific than "elders") is	themselves.
one person who parents tell their kids to have respect for (more specific than "elders") is	parents.
one person who parents tell their kids to have respect for (more specific than "elders") is	clergy.
one modern convenience you could not live without is	cell phone.
one modern convenience you could not live without is	computer.
one modern convenience you could not live without is	refrigerator.
one modern convenience you could not live without is	electricity.
one thing you vote for is	the president.
one thing you vote for is	congress person.
one thing you vote for is	american idol.
one thing you vote for is	all-star team.
which one of yuor five senses you rely on the most is	sight.
which one of yuor five senses you rely on the most is	hearing.
which one of yuor five senses you rely on the most is	touch.
one thing a kid might lie about is	grades.
one thing a kid might lie about is	fighting.
one thing a kid might lie about is	brush teeth.
one thing a kid might lie about is	friends.
one thing you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home is	family photos.
one thing you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home is	pet.
one thing you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home is	clothes.
one thing you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home is	kids.
one thing you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home is	computers.
one place where a fight might break out is	bar.
one place where a fight might break out is	school yard.
one place where a fight might break out is	hockey.
one place where a fight might break out is	alley.
one place where a fight might break out is	bus stop.
one place where a fight might break out is	prison.
one thing that wins a blue ribbon at a state fair is	pie baking contest.
one thing that wins a blue ribbon at a state fair is	eating contest.
one thing that wins a blue ribbon at a state fair is	pigs.
one thing that wins a blue ribbon at a state fair is	art.
one thing that wins a blue ribbon at a state fair is	jam.
one thing that wins a blue ribbon at a state fair is	hog tying.
one thing you see strapped on a family's car when they're going on vacation is	luggage.
one thing you see strapped on a family's car when they're going on vacation is	bikes.
one thing you see strapped on a family's car when they're going on vacation is	tent.
one thing you get when you join the army is	uniform.
one thing you get when you join the army is	guns.
one thing you get when you join the army is	combat boots.
one thing you get when you join the army is	haircut.
one thing you get when you join the army is	dog tags.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only) is	7.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only) is	8.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only) is	10.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only) is	5.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only) is	6.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only) is	4.
the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only) is	3.
one thing you would trade in for a better one if you could is	car.
one thing you would trade in for a better one if you could is	house.
one thing you would trade in for a better one if you could is	spouse.
one thing you would trade in for a better one if you could is	dog.
one thing you would trade in for a better one if you could is	children.
Q: tell something you know about romeo and juliet? A:	forbidden love.
Q: tell something you know about romeo and juliet? A:	they died.
Q: tell something you know about romeo and juliet? A:	they were young.
Q: tell something you know about romeo and juliet? A:	written by shakespeare.
Q: tell something you know about romeo and juliet? A:	its a tragedy.
one chore you refuse to do is	clean the bathroom.
one chore you refuse to do is	take out the trash.
one chore you refuse to do is	clean the windows.
one chore you refuse to do is	wash dishes.
one chore you refuse to do is	laundry.
one chore you refuse to do is	scrub floor.
one thing about cupid is	bow and arrow.
one thing about cupid is	love.
one thing about cupid is	little.
one thing about cupid is	fictitious.
one thing about cupid is	valentine's icon.
one thing you lose while doing laundry is	socks.
one thing you lose while doing laundry is	money.
one thing you lose while doing laundry is	jewelry.
one thing you lose while doing laundry is	underwear.
one thing you pay people to find for you is	house.
one thing you pay people to find for you is	missing person.
one thing you pay people to find for you is	job.
one thing you pay people to find for you is	pets.
one thing you pay people to find for you is	information.
one thing you pay people to find for you is	jewelry.
one thing you pay people to find for you is	cars.
one thing that's known as a bloodsucker is	leech.
one thing that's known as a bloodsucker is	mosquito.
one thing that's known as a bloodsucker is	vampire/dracula.
one thing that's known as a bloodsucker is	tick.
the worst thing people pawn when they need money is	jewelry.
the worst thing people pawn when they need money is	television.
the worst thing people pawn when they need money is	family heirlooms.
the worst thing people pawn when they need money is	wallet.
the worst thing people pawn when they need money is	cd player.
the worst thing people pawn when they need money is	guitar.
the age when a person falls in love the first time is	sixteen.
the age when a person falls in love the first time is	fifteen.
the age when a person falls in love the first time is	thirteen.
the age when a person falls in love the first time is	twelve.
the age when a person falls in love the first time is	fourteen.
the age when a person falls in love the first time is	seventeen.
the age when a person falls in love the first time is	six.
one thing that you'd never consider eating without salt is	french fries.
one thing that you'd never consider eating without salt is	popcorn.
one thing that you'd never consider eating without salt is	eggs.
one thing that you'd never consider eating without salt is	corn.
one thing that you'd never consider eating without salt is	meat.
one thing that you'd never consider eating without salt is	watermelon.
one thing people say they're on is	medication.
one thing people say they're on is	a diet.
one thing people say they're on is	cloud 9.
one thing people say they're on is	the top of the world.
one thing people say they're on is	television shows.
one thing you know about japan is	cars.
one thing you know about japan is	sushi.
one thing you know about japan is	crowded.
one thing you know about japan is	island chain.
one place where you were so nervous, you made promises to god is	hospital/doctor.
one place where you were so nervous, you made promises to god is	church.
one place where you were so nervous, you made promises to god is	airplane.
one place where you were so nervous, you made promises to god is	jail.
one place where you were so nervous, you made promises to god is	job/interview.
one thing you might do to avoid a bill collector is	do not answer phone.
one thing you might do to avoid a bill collector is	change number.
one thing you might do to avoid a bill collector is	pay bills.
one thing you might do to avoid a bill collector is	say you're someone else.
one animal that might ruin a farmer's crop is	rabbit.
one animal that might ruin a farmer's crop is	crows.
one animal that might ruin a farmer's crop is	deer.
one animal that might ruin a farmer's crop is	gophers.
one animal that might ruin a farmer's crop is	pigs.
one thing you might slide down is	slide/waterslide.
one thing you might slide down is	pole.
one thing you might slide down is	hill/slope.
one thing you might slide down is	banister/rail.
one thing you might slide down is	waterfall.
one thing you might slide down is	stairs.
one thing that kids brag about regarding their fathers is	big and strong.
one thing that kids brag about regarding their fathers is	cool job.
one thing that kids brag about regarding their fathers is	takes them places.
one thing that kids brag about regarding their fathers is	cool vehicle.
one thing all little kids hate is	vegetables.
one thing all little kids hate is	bed time/nap.
one thing all little kids hate is	school/homework.
one thing all little kids hate is	dentist/doctor/shots.
one type of business that usually has an atm inside is	banks.
one type of business that usually has an atm inside is	grocery store.
one type of business that usually has an atm inside is	gas station.
one type of business that usually has an atm inside is	convenient store.
one type of business that usually has an atm inside is	bars.
one type of business that usually has an atm inside is	casino.
one traditional dish would you prepare for somebody learning about american culture is	hamburger.
one traditional dish would you prepare for somebody learning about american culture is	fried chicken.
one traditional dish would you prepare for somebody learning about american culture is	pizza.
one traditional dish would you prepare for somebody learning about american culture is	hot dog.
one traditional dish would you prepare for somebody learning about american culture is	apple pie.
one piece of playground equipment has probably resulted in the most injuries is	swings.
one piece of playground equipment has probably resulted in the most injuries is	jungle gym.
one piece of playground equipment has probably resulted in the most injuries is	slide.
one piece of playground equipment has probably resulted in the most injuries is	seesaw.
one piece of playground equipment has probably resulted in the most injuries is	merry go round.
one do you do when having a bad hair day is	wear a hat.
one do you do when having a bad hair day is	tie it back.
one do you do when having a bad hair day is	cry.
one do you do when having a bad hair day is	get it wet.
one do you do when having a bad hair day is	stay home.
one do you do when having a bad hair day is	cut it.
one did 100 wives say their husbands "always think they're right about" in an argument is	money.
one did 100 wives say their husbands "always think they're right about" in an argument is	raising kids.
one did 100 wives say their husbands "always think they're right about" in an argument is	romance/relationship.
one did 100 wives say their husbands "always think they're right about" in an argument is	cars.
one did 100 wives say their husbands "always think they're right about" in an argument is	sports.
who or what might you give a nick to is	pet.
who or what might you give a nick to is	friend.
who or what might you give a nick to is	child.
who or what might you give a nick to is	partner.
who or what might you give a nick to is	car.
one might your teenager do while borrowing your car that would break your trust is	accident.
one might your teenager do while borrowing your car that would break your trust is	speeding ticket.
one might your teenager do while borrowing your car that would break your trust is	illegal activity.
one might your teenager do while borrowing your car that would break your trust is	break curfew.
one might you find in your food that belongs to the cook is	hair.
one might you find in your food that belongs to the cook is	ring.
one might you find in your food that belongs to the cook is	fingernail.
one might you find in your food that belongs to the cook is	bandage.
one might you find in your food that belongs to the cook is	tooth.
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be d after is	tornado.
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be d after is	hurricane.
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be d after is	twister.
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be d after is	thunder.
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be d after is	cyclone.
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be d after is	tsunami.
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be d after is	typhoon.
one are some milestones that a baby reaches in their first year is	walking.
one are some milestones that a baby reaches in their first year is	crawl.
one are some milestones that a baby reaches in their first year is	first word.
one are some milestones that a baby reaches in their first year is	first tooth.
one are some milestones that a baby reaches in their first year is	sitting up.
one are some milestones that a baby reaches in their first year is	smiling.
one item that you wear yearround gets exceptionally gaudy during the holidays is	sweater.
one item that you wear yearround gets exceptionally gaudy during the holidays is	hat.
one item that you wear yearround gets exceptionally gaudy during the holidays is	socks.
one item that you wear yearround gets exceptionally gaudy during the holidays is	earrings.
one item that you wear yearround gets exceptionally gaudy during the holidays is	tie/scarf.
one might a shopaholic do at the store to prevent overspending is	leave store.
one might a shopaholic do at the store to prevent overspending is	carry no money.
one might a shopaholic do at the store to prevent overspending is	cash not credit.
one might a shopaholic do at the store to prevent overspending is	set a budget.
one might a shopaholic do at the store to prevent overspending is	use coupons.
one souvenir would you bring back from hawaii is	lei.
one souvenir would you bring back from hawaii is	sand.
one souvenir would you bring back from hawaii is	hawaiian shirt.
one souvenir would you bring back from hawaii is	seashell.
one souvenir would you bring back from hawaii is	grass skirt.
one souvenir would you bring back from hawaii is	pineapple.
one souvenir would you bring back from hawaii is	coconut.
one would be the best thing about having an actress for a mother is	rich.
one would be the best thing about having an actress for a mother is	fame.
one would be the best thing about having an actress for a mother is	meet other stars.
one would be the best thing about having an actress for a mother is	free movies.
one would be the best thing about having an actress for a mother is	huge house.
one would be the best thing about having an actress for a mother is	get roles.
one places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti is	subway station.
one places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti is	overpass.
one places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti is	trains.
one places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti is	buildings.
one places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti is	billboards.
one places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti is	bathrooms.
one places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti is	parks.
Q: who's an actor that hails from canada,eh? A:	jim carrey.
Q: who's an actor that hails from canada,eh? A:	mike myers.
Q: who's an actor that hails from canada,eh? A:	michael j fox.
Q: who's an actor that hails from canada,eh? A:	dan aykroyd.
Q: who's an actor that hails from canada,eh? A:	william shatner.
Q: who's an actor that hails from canada,eh? A:	john candy.
Q: who's an actor that hails from canada,eh? A:	donald sutherland.
Q: where in your house might you find something labeled poisonous? A:	under kitchen sink.
Q: where in your house might you find something labeled poisonous? A:	garage.
Q: where in your house might you find something labeled poisonous? A:	medicine cabinet.
Q: where in your house might you find something labeled poisonous? A:	laundry room.
one sesame street character must get uncomfortable in their costume is	big bird.
one sesame street character must get uncomfortable in their costume is	oscar the grouch.
one sesame street character must get uncomfortable in their costume is	cookie monster.
one sesame street character must get uncomfortable in their costume is	snuffy.
one do you see in the mall that lets you know christmas is coming is	santa claus.
one do you see in the mall that lets you know christmas is coming is	decorations.
one do you see in the mall that lets you know christmas is coming is	pine tree.
one do you see in the mall that lets you know christmas is coming is	lights.
one sports are you most likely to break an arm playing is	american football.
one sports are you most likely to break an arm playing is	hockey.
one sports are you most likely to break an arm playing is	wrestling.
one sports are you most likely to break an arm playing is	baseball.
one sports are you most likely to break an arm playing is	basketball.
one sports are you most likely to break an arm playing is	skiing.
one sports are you most likely to break an arm playing is	rugby.
without seeing them steal, one thing that you'd see a person do to make you suspicious that they're shoplifting is	looking around.
without seeing them steal, one thing that you'd see a person do to make you suspicious that they're shoplifting is	big coat.
without seeing them steal, one thing that you'd see a person do to make you suspicious that they're shoplifting is	hands in pocket.
without seeing them steal, one thing that you'd see a person do to make you suspicious that they're shoplifting is	run.
one happens to a couch that lets you know its time to get rid of it is	tears in upholstery.
one happens to a couch that lets you know its time to get rid of it is	sags.
one happens to a couch that lets you know its time to get rid of it is	leg/arm breaks.
one happens to a couch that lets you know its time to get rid of it is	springs pop out.
one might a child bring to summer camp in case they get homesick is	family photo.
one might a child bring to summer camp in case they get homesick is	teddy bear.
one might a child bring to summer camp in case they get homesick is	blanket.
one might a child bring to summer camp in case they get homesick is	pillow.
one might a child bring to summer camp in case they get homesick is	cell phone.
one might a girl wear for the first time to her junior high dance is	formal dress.
one might a girl wear for the first time to her junior high dance is	high heels.
one might a girl wear for the first time to her junior high dance is	makeup.
one might a girl wear for the first time to her junior high dance is	coursage.
one might a girl wear for the first time to her junior high dance is	bra.
Q: where do you hear christmas songs throughout december? A:	store.
Q: where do you hear christmas songs throughout december? A:	radio.
Q: where do you hear christmas songs throughout december? A:	place of worship.
Q: where do you hear christmas songs throughout december? A:	tv.
Q: where do you hear christmas songs throughout december? A:	home.
Q: who was on the phone the last time you said, "don't call here anymore"? A:	telemarketer.
Q: who was on the phone the last time you said, "don't call here anymore"? A:	ex.
Q: who was on the phone the last time you said, "don't call here anymore"? A:	bill collecter.
Q: who was on the phone the last time you said, "don't call here anymore"? A:	wrong number.
one might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors is	fence.
one might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors is	dog.
one might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors is	camera.
one might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors is	trees.
one might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors is	trespassing sign.
one might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors is	bushes.
one might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors is	sprinkler.
one might you do in your sleep that one person else would find cute is	talk.
one might you do in your sleep that one person else would find cute is	snore.
one might you do in your sleep that one person else would find cute is	smile.
one might you do in your sleep that one person else would find cute is	drool.
one might you do in your sleep that one person else would find cute is	suck thumb.
what might a flower gardener  his daughter is	rose.
what might a flower gardener  his daughter is	daisy.
what might a flower gardener  his daughter is	lily.
what might a flower gardener  his daughter is	iris.
what might a flower gardener  his daughter is	violet.
one bad work trait would be hard to detect while interviewing one person is	laziness.
one bad work trait would be hard to detect while interviewing one person is	lateness.
one bad work trait would be hard to detect while interviewing one person is	lying.
one bad work trait would be hard to detect while interviewing one person is	stealing.
one bad work trait would be hard to detect while interviewing one person is	poor attendance.
one might you find inside a book that tells you it was meant for children is	pictures.
one might you find inside a book that tells you it was meant for children is	animal characters.
one might you find inside a book that tells you it was meant for children is	princess.
one might you find inside a book that tells you it was meant for children is	once upon a time.
one might you find inside a book that tells you it was meant for children is	pop up pages.
one might you find inside a book that tells you it was meant for children is	small words.
we asked women one thing you like to see a man do because it expresses his gentle side is	cry.
we asked women one thing you like to see a man do because it expresses his gentle side is	open door.
we asked women one thing you like to see a man do because it expresses his gentle side is	cuddle.
we asked women one thing you like to see a man do because it expresses his gentle side is	play with kids.
we asked women one thing you like to see a man do because it expresses his gentle side is	cook for me.
what brand of candy bar would make for an unflattering nick is	snickers.
what brand of candy bar would make for an unflattering nick is	butterfingers.
what brand of candy bar would make for an unflattering nick is	chunky.
what brand of candy bar would make for an unflattering nick is	mars.
what brand of candy bar would make for an unflattering nick is	mounds.
what brand of candy bar would make for an unflattering nick is	hershey.
one do you do when your stomach growls is	eat something.
one do you do when your stomach growls is	drink water.
one do you do when your stomach growls is	hold it.
one do you do when your stomach growls is	laugh.
one word do you dread hearing at the dentist's office is	cavity.
one word do you dread hearing at the dentist's office is	drill.
one word do you dread hearing at the dentist's office is	root canal.
one word do you dread hearing at the dentist's office is	oops.
one do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life is	age.
one do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life is	weight.
one do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life is	job.
one do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life is	marital status.
one do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life is	kids.
one do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life is	religion.
one do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life is	income.
one might a chef do while cooking, that would ruin the whole dish is	burn it.
one might a chef do while cooking, that would ruin the whole dish is	sneeze.
one might a chef do while cooking, that would ruin the whole dish is	too much salt.
one might a chef do while cooking, that would ruin the whole dish is	drop it.
Q: why might one person refuse to use a swimming pool? A:	dirty water.
Q: why might one person refuse to use a swimming pool? A:	can't swim.
Q: why might one person refuse to use a swimming pool? A:	cold.
Q: why might one person refuse to use a swimming pool? A:	kids in it.
Q: why might one person refuse to use a swimming pool? A:	clorine.
Q: why might one person refuse to use a swimming pool? A:	crowded.
Q: where do you need to be a member in order to enter? A:	gym.
Q: where do you need to be a member in order to enter? A:	country club.
Q: where do you need to be a member in order to enter? A:	golf course.
Q: where do you need to be a member in order to enter? A:	discount grocery.
one do you do when one person tells a joke that's not actually funny is	smile.
one do you do when one person tells a joke that's not actually funny is	fake laugh.
one do you do when one person tells a joke that's not actually funny is	ignore it.
one do you do when one person tells a joke that's not actually funny is	groan.
one do people say at halloween that would be inappropriate to hear at christmas is	trick or treat.
one do people say at halloween that would be inappropriate to hear at christmas is	boo.
one do people say at halloween that would be inappropriate to hear at christmas is	happy halloween.
one is the most used room in most homes is	bathroom.
one is the most used room in most homes is	living room.
one is the most used room in most homes is	kitchen.
one is the most used room in most homes is	bed room.
one is the most used room in most homes is	family room.
we asked womenone accessory or piece of clothing do you buy most often is	shoes.
we asked womenone accessory or piece of clothing do you buy most often is	shirt.
we asked womenone accessory or piece of clothing do you buy most often is	jewelery.
we asked womenone accessory or piece of clothing do you buy most often is	bra.
we asked womenone accessory or piece of clothing do you buy most often is	underware.
one movie would you never watch alone is	exorcist.
one movie would you never watch alone is	scream.
one movie would you never watch alone is	psycho.
one movie would you never watch alone is	halloween.
one movie would you never watch alone is	the ring.
one movie would you never watch alone is	friday the 13th.
one movie would you never watch alone is	the shining.
one might you do at a party that youd regret the next day is	drink too much.
one might you do at a party that youd regret the next day is	kiss someone.
one might you do at a party that youd regret the next day is	dance all night.
one might you do at a party that youd regret the next day is	get naked.
one might you do at a party that youd regret the next day is	put foot in mouth.
Q: who in your life is most likely to brad about you? A:	parent.
Q: who in your life is most likely to brad about you? A:	partner.
Q: who in your life is most likely to brad about you? A:	kids.
one animals might you see if you go on an african safari is	lion.
one animals might you see if you go on an african safari is	elephant.
one animals might you see if you go on an african safari is	giraffe.
one animals might you see if you go on an african safari is	tiger.
one animals might you see if you go on an african safari is	zebra.
one animals might you see if you go on an african safari is	monkey.
one is something your spouse does to prevent you from sleeping is	snore.
one is something your spouse does to prevent you from sleeping is	talk.
one is something your spouse does to prevent you from sleeping is	snuggle.
one is something your spouse does to prevent you from sleeping is	watch tv.
one is something your spouse does to prevent you from sleeping is	toss and turn.
one might a man have in his bedroom that tells you he's still re-living his high school days is	old posters.
one might a man have in his bedroom that tells you he's still re-living his high school days is	trophies.
one might a man have in his bedroom that tells you he's still re-living his high school days is	pictures.
one of the seven dwarfs from snow white best describes your significant other is	sleepy.
one of the seven dwarfs from snow white best describes your significant other is	grumpy.
one of the seven dwarfs from snow white best describes your significant other is	dopey.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do you hate to see your husband holding in his hand is	remote control.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do you hate to see your husband holding in his hand is	alcohol.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do you hate to see your husband holding in his hand is	cigarette/cigar.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do you hate to see your husband holding in his hand is	tools.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do you hate to see your husband holding in his hand is	bills.
one television family would make the best neighbors is	cleavers.
one television family would make the best neighbors is	huxtables.
one television family would make the best neighbors is	waltons.
one television family would make the best neighbors is	barones.
one television family would make the best neighbors is	nelsons.
one television family would make the best neighbors is	taylors.
one television family would make the best neighbors is	brady bunch.
one television family would make the best neighbors is	simpsons.
one's the last thing you bought that you couldn't afford is	car.
one's the last thing you bought that you couldn't afford is	clothes.
one's the last thing you bought that you couldn't afford is	telly.
one's the last thing you bought that you couldn't afford is	jewelry.
one's the last thing you bought that you couldn't afford is	house.
one us state do you think has the most beautiful women is	california.
one us state do you think has the most beautiful women is	florida.
we surveyed 100 menone thing your wife might be desperate for is	car.
we surveyed 100 menone thing your wife might be desperate for is	vacation.
we surveyed 100 menone thing your wife might be desperate for is	new house.
we surveyed 100 menone thing your wife might be desperate for is	money.
we surveyed 100 menone thing your wife might be desperate for is	attention/love.
when people drive with one hand on the steering wheel, one thing they do with their other hand is	cell phone.
when people drive with one hand on the steering wheel, one thing they do with their other hand is	radio.
one tool would you not want to be without when building a house is	hammer.
one tool would you not want to be without when building a house is	saw.
we surveyed 100 womenone occupation has the sexiest men is	construction.
we surveyed 100 womenone occupation has the sexiest men is	firefighter.
we surveyed 100 womenone occupation has the sexiest men is	police.
we surveyed 100 womenone occupation has the sexiest men is	actor.
we surveyed 100 womenone occupation has the sexiest men is	stripper.
Q: why might santa claus get pulled over if he took his sleigh on the freeway? A:	speeding.
Q: why might santa claus get pulled over if he took his sleigh on the freeway? A:	no lights.
one places do politicians often say are "overcrowded" is	prisons.
one places do politicians often say are "overcrowded" is	classrooms.
one places do politicians often say are "overcrowded" is	hospitals/er.
when you get to a party, one thing you can't wait to do is	drink.
when you get to a party, one thing you can't wait to do is	dance.
when you get to a party, one thing you can't wait to do is	eat.
when you get to a party, one thing you can't wait to do is	socialize/mingle.
when you get to a party, one thing you can't wait to do is	leave.
without seeing the cat, one way you can tell a person owns a cat just by looking around their house is	cat hair.
without seeing the cat, one way you can tell a person owns a cat just by looking around their house is	litter box.
without seeing the cat, one way you can tell a person owns a cat just by looking around their house is	bad smell.
without seeing the cat, one way you can tell a person owns a cat just by looking around their house is	cat toys.
without seeing the cat, one way you can tell a person owns a cat just by looking around their house is	torn furniture.
without seeing the cat, one way you can tell a person owns a cat just by looking around their house is	cat food.
one might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired" is	cry.
one might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired" is	leave.
one might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired" is	look for a job.
one might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired" is	tell them off.
one might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired" is	clean out desk.
one might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired" is	hit him/revenge.
one might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired" is	ask/wonder why.
one might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired" is	say "i quit".
one is something a pilot would get fired for doing in the cockpit during a flight is	drinking alcohol.
one is something a pilot would get fired for doing in the cockpit during a flight is	sleeping.
one is something a pilot would get fired for doing in the cockpit during a flight is	having sex.
one is something a pilot would get fired for doing in the cockpit during a flight is	smoking cigarette.
one is something a pilot would get fired for doing in the cockpit during a flight is	doing drugs.
one is something a pilot would get fired for doing in the cockpit during a flight is	leaving cockpit.
women only one way you can tell that a guy is a bachelor is	no ring on his finger.
women only one way you can tell that a guy is a bachelor is	clothes.
women only one way you can tell that a guy is a bachelor is	flirt.
women only one way you can tell that a guy is a bachelor is	dirty house.
women only one way you can tell that a guy is a bachelor is	no food.
women only one way you can tell that a guy is a bachelor is	nice car.
one us city would you be most afraid to live in is	new york.
one us city would you be most afraid to live in is	los angeles.
one us city would you be most afraid to live in is	detroit.
one us city would you be most afraid to live in is	washington, d.c..
one us city would you be most afraid to live in is	philadelphia.
one us city would you be most afraid to live in is	chicago.
one school subject do you think is useful in real life is	maths.
one school subject do you think is useful in real life is	english.
one school subject do you think is useful in real life is	geography.
one school subject do you think is useful in real life is	psychology.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenspecifically, tell me the sexiest part about brad pitt? A:	his bod.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenspecifically, tell me the sexiest part about brad pitt? A:	his eyes.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenspecifically, tell me the sexiest part about brad pitt? A:	his smile.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenspecifically, tell me the sexiest part about brad pitt? A:	his hair.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenspecifically, tell me the sexiest part about brad pitt? A:	his jaw.
one's the best man responsible for at a wedding is	ring.
one's the best man responsible for at a wedding is	toast.
one's the best man responsible for at a wedding is	groom on time.
one's the best man responsible for at a wedding is	bachelor party.
Q: where would you find an adult hanging out,if he refused to grow up? A:	arcade.
Q: where would you find an adult hanging out,if he refused to grow up? A:	park.
Q: where would you find an adult hanging out,if he refused to grow up? A:	bar.
Q: where would you find an adult hanging out,if he refused to grow up? A:	toy store.
Q: where would you find an adult hanging out,if he refused to grow up? A:	school.
Q: where would you find an adult hanging out,if he refused to grow up? A:	amusement park.
when you were a kid, one would happen if you brought home a bad report card is	grounded.
when you were a kid, one would happen if you brought home a bad report card is	got lectured.
when you were a kid, one would happen if you brought home a bad report card is	spanking.
when you were a kid, one would happen if you brought home a bad report card is	nothing.
when you were a kid, one would happen if you brought home a bad report card is	punished.
when you were a kid, one would happen if you brought home a bad report card is	made to study.
we surveyed 100 11-year-oldsone kind of place where you can get in trouble if you laugh is	church.
we surveyed 100 11-year-oldsone kind of place where you can get in trouble if you laugh is	school/principal.
we surveyed 100 11-year-oldsone kind of place where you can get in trouble if you laugh is	library.
we surveyed 100 11-year-oldsone kind of place where you can get in trouble if you laugh is	funeral.
we surveyed 100 11-year-oldsone kind of place where you can get in trouble if you laugh is	court.
one might a teen ask to borrow from his parents on a friday night is	car.
one might a teen ask to borrow from his parents on a friday night is	money.
one might a teen ask to borrow from his parents on a friday night is	clothes.
one at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there is	tv.
one at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there is	family.
one at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there is	computer.
one at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there is	pictures.
one at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there is	stereo/cd player.
one at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there is	bathroom.
one at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there is	pet.
when you are sick, one thing that helps you make it through the night is	medicine.
when you are sick, one thing that helps you make it through the night is	sleep.
when you are sick, one thing that helps you make it through the night is	tea.
when you are sick, one thing that helps you make it through the night is	soft drink.
when you are sick, one thing that helps you make it through the night is	soup.
when you are sick, one thing that helps you make it through the night is	watch tv.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you would rather be than smart is	rich.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you would rather be than smart is	attractive.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you would rather be than smart is	healthy.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you would rather be than smart is	have sex appeal.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you would rather be than smart is	be a good person.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you would rather be than smart is	be powerful.
when you count your blessings, one blessing you count is	being alive.
when you count your blessings, one blessing you count is	family.
when you count your blessings, one blessing you count is	good health.
when you count your blessings, one blessing you count is	god's goodness.
when you count your blessings, one blessing you count is	food on table.
when you count your blessings, one blessing you count is	my home.
Q: we surveyed 100 11-year-oldstell me a prank that kids pull on halloween? A:	t.p. houses.
Q: we surveyed 100 11-year-oldstell me a prank that kids pull on halloween? A:	throw eggs.
Q: we surveyed 100 11-year-oldstell me a prank that kids pull on halloween? A:	jump out & scare.
Q: we surveyed 100 11-year-oldstell me a prank that kids pull on halloween? A:	ding-dong ditch.
Q: we surveyed 100 11-year-oldstell me a prank that kids pull on halloween? A:	soap windows.
Q: we surveyed 100 11-year-oldstell me a prank that kids pull on halloween? A:	smash pumpkins.
one might you wear to a job interview in order to appear smarter is	glasses.
one might you wear to a job interview in order to appear smarter is	blazer.
one might you wear to a job interview in order to appear smarter is	tie.
one might you wear to a job interview in order to appear smarter is	dress.
Q: where might people carpool to? A:	work.
Q: where might people carpool to? A:	school.
one job would a boy love for his dad to have on take-your-child-to-work day is	cop.
one job would a boy love for his dad to have on take-your-child-to-work day is	firefighter.
one job would a boy love for his dad to have on take-your-child-to-work day is	astronaut.
one job would a boy love for his dad to have on take-your-child-to-work day is	pilot.
one job would a boy love for his dad to have on take-your-child-to-work day is	pro athlete.
while driving, one thing you rubberneck to look at is	accident.
while driving, one thing you rubberneck to look at is	sexy man/woman.
while driving, one thing you rubberneck to look at is	hot cars.
while driving, one thing you rubberneck to look at is	stores/sales.
while driving, one thing you rubberneck to look at is	nice house.
while driving, one thing you rubberneck to look at is	billboard/sign.
one is the biggest nuisance about camping out is	bugs.
one is the biggest nuisance about camping out is	no toilet/shower.
one is the biggest nuisance about camping out is	wild animals.
one is the biggest nuisance about camping out is	rain/bad weather.
one is the biggest nuisance about camping out is	sleep'g on ground.
one is the biggest nuisance about camping out is	the tent.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing that you hope your blind date will have is	money.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing that you hope your blind date will have is	personality/humor.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing that you hope your blind date will have is	nice car.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing that you hope your blind date will have is	looks/nice teeth.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing that you hope your blind date will have is	nice hair.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing that you hope your blind date will have is	good body.
when money is tight, people go out less often one thing that's fun to do at home is	play games.
when money is tight, people go out less often one thing that's fun to do at home is	watch television.
when money is tight, people go out less often one thing that's fun to do at home is	bbq.
when money is tight, people go out less often one thing that's fun to do at home is	read.
when money is tight, people go out less often one thing that's fun to do at home is	computers.
we surveyed 100 menone thing specific no one can do as well as your mother could is	cook.
we surveyed 100 menone thing specific no one can do as well as your mother could is	love/care.
we surveyed 100 menone thing specific no one can do as well as your mother could is	clean.
we surveyed 100 menone thing specific no one can do as well as your mother could is	nag/complain.
we surveyed 100 menone thing specific no one can do as well as your mother could is	drive.
we surveyed 100 menone thing specific no one can do as well as your mother could is	sew.
one do rich people talk about is	money/being rich.
one do rich people talk about is	stocks/investing.
one do rich people talk about is	business.
one do rich people talk about is	themselves.
one do rich people talk about is	cars.
one do rich people talk about is	other rich people.
one do rich people talk about is	poor people.
one talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show is	oprah winfrey.
one talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show is	ellen degeneres.
one talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show is	regis philbin.
one talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show is	jay leno.
one talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show is	maury povich.
one talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show is	tyra banks.
one talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show is	montel williams.
one talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show is	kelly ripa.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing your husband has good taste in is	clothes/shoes.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing your husband has good taste in is	food/restaurants.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing your husband has good taste in is	women/wives.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing your husband has good taste in is	jewelry.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing your husband has good taste in is	cars.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing your husband has good taste in is	music.
one occupation might a dad have that would make boys afraid to date his daughter is	cop.
one occupation might a dad have that would make boys afraid to date his daughter is	lawyer.
one occupation might a dad have that would make boys afraid to date his daughter is	judge.
one occupation might a dad have that would make boys afraid to date his daughter is	clergy.
one would the world's least romantic husband give to his wife for valentine's day is	nothing.
one would the world's least romantic husband give to his wife for valentine's day is	vacuum cleaner.
one would the world's least romantic husband give to his wife for valentine's day is	card.
one would the world's least romantic husband give to his wife for valentine's day is	cash.
one would the world's least romantic husband give to his wife for valentine's day is	large appliance.
one would the world's least romantic husband give to his wife for valentine's day is	tools.
one's something waiting for you at home at the end of a hectic day is	spouse.
one's something waiting for you at home at the end of a hectic day is	good meal.
one's something waiting for you at home at the end of a hectic day is	pet.
one's something waiting for you at home at the end of a hectic day is	chair.
one's something waiting for you at home at the end of a hectic day is	bed.
one's something waiting for you at home at the end of a hectic day is	coffee.
one might a mobster do that gets him kicked out of his mob family is	snitch.
one might a mobster do that gets him kicked out of his mob family is	steal.
one might a mobster do that gets him kicked out of his mob family is	kill.
one might a mobster do that gets him kicked out of his mob family is	lie.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that wouldn't get done if you didn't do it is	cleaning/dishes.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that wouldn't get done if you didn't do it is	laundry/ironing.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that wouldn't get done if you didn't do it is	cooking.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that wouldn't get done if you didn't do it is	food shopping.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing that wouldn't get done if you didn't do it is	paying bills.
one did service station attendants once do when you bought gas is	wash windows.
one did service station attendants once do when you bought gas is	check oil.
one did service station attendants once do when you bought gas is	check tires.
one did service station attendants once do when you bought gas is	pump gas.
we surveyed 100 single womenone's something a guy shouldn't ask you on the first date is	for sex.
we surveyed 100 single womenone's something a guy shouldn't ask you on the first date is	money/salary.
we surveyed 100 single womenone's something a guy shouldn't ask you on the first date is	your age.
we surveyed 100 single womenone's something a guy shouldn't ask you on the first date is	for a kiss.
we surveyed 100 single womenone's something a guy shouldn't ask you on the first date is	your weight.
one of the 7 dwarfs would be the most annoying coworker is	grumpy.
one of the 7 dwarfs would be the most annoying coworker is	sleepy.
one of the 7 dwarfs would be the most annoying coworker is	dopey.
one of the 7 dwarfs would be the most annoying coworker is	happy.
one of the 7 dwarfs would be the most annoying coworker is	sneezy.
at an awards show, one thing celebs might be doing when the camera pans on them is	smiling.
at an awards show, one thing celebs might be doing when the camera pans on them is	waving.
at an awards show, one thing celebs might be doing when the camera pans on them is	posing.
at an awards show, one thing celebs might be doing when the camera pans on them is	crying.
at an awards show, one thing celebs might be doing when the camera pans on them is	clapping.
at an awards show, one thing celebs might be doing when the camera pans on them is	kissing date.
after a cop pulls you over, one might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket is	cry.
after a cop pulls you over, one might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket is	flirt.
after a cop pulls you over, one might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket is	lie.
after a cop pulls you over, one might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket is	smile.
after a cop pulls you over, one might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket is	be nice.
after a cop pulls you over, one might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket is	beg.
after a cop pulls you over, one might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket is	apologize.
at the grocery store, one thing a kid is told not to do is	run ahead.
at the grocery store, one thing a kid is told not to do is	touch anything.
at the grocery store, one thing a kid is told not to do is	steal.
at the grocery store, one thing a kid is told not to do is	scream/cry.
at the grocery store, one thing a kid is told not to do is	beg for junk food.
at the grocery store, one thing a kid is told not to do is	eat food.
according to women one occupation has the sexiest men is	construction.
according to women one occupation has the sexiest men is	firefighters.
according to women one occupation has the sexiest men is	police officers.
according to women one occupation has the sexiest men is	actors.
according to women one occupation has the sexiest men is	dancers.
according to women one occupation has the sexiest men is	athletes.
at one age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses is	ten.
at one age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses is	eight.
at one age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses is	twelve.
at one age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses is	nine.
at one age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses is	seven.
at one age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses is	thirteen.
at one age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses is	four.
according to men when you see a woman smiling, one thing she is probably smiling about is	men.
according to men when you see a woman smiling, one thing she is probably smiling about is	jokes.
according to men when you see a woman smiling, one thing she is probably smiling about is	shopping.
according to men when you see a woman smiling, one thing she is probably smiling about is	looks.
according to men when you see a woman smiling, one thing she is probably smiling about is	money.
according to men when you see a woman smiling, one thing she is probably smiling about is	happiness.
Q: after how many days do your in-laws wear out their welcome? A:	three.
Q: after how many days do your in-laws wear out their welcome? A:	five.
Q: after how many days do your in-laws wear out their welcome? A:	seven.
Q: after how many days do your in-laws wear out their welcome? A:	four.
Q: after how many days do your in-laws wear out their welcome? A:	two.
Q: after how many days do your in-laws wear out their welcome? A:	one.
Q: a movie that starred mel gibson? A:	lethal weapon.
Q: a movie that starred mel gibson? A:	braveheart.
Q: a movie that starred mel gibson? A:	mad max.
Q: a movie that starred mel gibson? A:	what women want.
Q: a movie that starred mel gibson? A:	signs.
Q: a movie that starred mel gibson? A:	payback.
Q: a movie that starred mel gibson? A:	patriot.
Q: a movie that starred mel gibson? A:	ransom.
according to married women one thing a husband better not buy without consulting them first is	vehicle.
according to married women one thing a husband better not buy without consulting them first is	funiture.
according to married women one thing a husband better not buy without consulting them first is	house.
according to married women one thing a husband better not buy without consulting them first is	clothes.
according to married women one thing a husband better not buy without consulting them first is	anything.
according to married women one thing a husband better not buy without consulting them first is	television.
besides "biographies," one section of a bookstore would a memoir about your life belong in is	humor/comics.
besides "biographies," one section of a bookstore would a memoir about your life belong in is	romance.
besides "biographies," one section of a bookstore would a memoir about your life belong in is	history.
besides "biographies," one section of a bookstore would a memoir about your life belong in is	horror.
besides "biographies," one section of a bookstore would a memoir about your life belong in is	self help.
besides "biographies," one section of a bookstore would a memoir about your life belong in is	sci fi/fantasy.
besides a camera, one should you pack for a trip to the rainforest is	umbrella.
besides a camera, one should you pack for a trip to the rainforest is	rain coat.
besides a camera, one should you pack for a trip to the rainforest is	bug spray.
besides a camera, one should you pack for a trip to the rainforest is	food/water.
besides a camera, one should you pack for a trip to the rainforest is	hat.
besides a camera, one should you pack for a trip to the rainforest is	binoculars.
Q: besides for work, tell me how many hours you spend using your computer in one day (numeric only please)? A:	2.
Q: besides for work, tell me how many hours you spend using your computer in one day (numeric only please)? A:	4.
Q: besides for work, tell me how many hours you spend using your computer in one day (numeric only please)? A:	3.
Q: besides for work, tell me how many hours you spend using your computer in one day (numeric only please)? A:	1.
Q: besides for work, tell me how many hours you spend using your computer in one day (numeric only please)? A:	5.
Q: besides for work, tell me how many hours you spend using your computer in one day (numeric only please)? A:	6.
besides books, one thing you'd find in most school libraries is	computer.
besides books, one thing you'd find in most school libraries is	magazines.
besides lights, one thing in your house that wouldn't work if the electricity went out is	tv.
besides lights, one thing in your house that wouldn't work if the electricity went out is	refrigerator.
besides lights, one thing in your house that wouldn't work if the electricity went out is	clock.
besides lights, one thing in your house that wouldn't work if the electricity went out is	computer.
besides lights, one thing in your house that wouldn't work if the electricity went out is	telephone.
besides lights, one thing in your house that wouldn't work if the electricity went out is	stereo.
besides throwing them away one thing you can do with old newspapers is	recycle.
besides throwing them away one thing you can do with old newspapers is	burn them.
besides throwing them away one thing you can do with old newspapers is	clean windows.
besides throwing them away one thing you can do with old newspapers is	wrap gifts.
besides throwing them away one thing you can do with old newspapers is	pack dishes.
besides throwing them away one thing you can do with old newspapers is	crafts.
besides throwing them away one thing you can do with old newspapers is	line bird cage.
besides white christmas, one song on big crosby's white christmas album is	jingle bells.
besides white christmas, one song on big crosby's white christmas album is	silent night.
besides white christmas, one song on big crosby's white christmas album is	silver bells.
besides white christmas, one song on big crosby's white christmas album is	i'll be home for xmas.
besides white christmas, one song on big crosby's white christmas album is	santa coming to town.
besides white christmas, one song on big crosby's white christmas album is	beginning to look a.
besides white christmas, one song on big crosby's white christmas album is	adeste fideles.
besides ice cream one food that can be scooped is	mashed potatoes.
besides ice cream one food that can be scooped is	yogurt.
besides ice cream one food that can be scooped is	cataloupe.
besides ice cream one food that can be scooped is	cottage cheese.
besides ice cream one food that can be scooped is	jello.
besides ice cream one food that can be scooped is	rice.
besides ice cream one food that can be scooped is	cereal.
Q: besides passengers, who might you see at a subway station? A:	police.
Q: besides passengers, who might you see at a subway station? A:	conductor.
Q: besides passengers, who might you see at a subway station? A:	homeless person.
Q: besides passengers, who might you see at a subway station? A:	ticket takers.
Q: besides passengers, who might you see at a subway station? A:	performer.
besides skiing, one thing people enjoy doing at a ski resort is	snowboarding.
besides skiing, one thing people enjoy doing at a ski resort is	drinking/eating.
besides skiing, one thing people enjoy doing at a ski resort is	cuddling by the fire.
besides skiing, one thing people enjoy doing at a ski resort is	sledding.
besides skiing, one thing people enjoy doing at a ski resort is	hot tub.
besides skiing, one thing people enjoy doing at a ski resort is	play in snow.
besides ice cream and popsicles one thing you need to be a neighborhood ice cream man is	ice cream truck.
besides ice cream and popsicles one thing you need to be a neighborhood ice cream man is	music.
besides ice cream and popsicles one thing you need to be a neighborhood ice cream man is	cones.
besides ice cream and popsicles one thing you need to be a neighborhood ice cream man is	freezer.
besides ice cream and popsicles one thing you need to be a neighborhood ice cream man is	friendly personality.
besides the weasel, one thing that goes "pop" is	popcorn.
besides the weasel, one thing that goes "pop" is	ricekrispies.
besides the weasel, one thing that goes "pop" is	balloons.
besides the weasel, one thing that goes "pop" is	bubbles.
besides the weasel, one thing that goes "pop" is	pringles.
besides the united states, one country you most admire is	england.
besides the united states, one country you most admire is	canada.
besides the united states, one country you most admire is	italy.
besides the united states, one country you most admire is	australia.
besides the united states, one country you most admire is	france.
besides the united states, one country you most admire is	ireland.
besides books, one thing you might see in a bookcase is	bookends.
besides books, one thing you might see in a bookcase is	photos.
besides books, one thing you might see in a bookcase is	dust.
besides books, one thing you might see in a bookcase is	ornament.
besides books, one thing you might see in a bookcase is	vase.
Q: besides christmas, tell me a holiday that kids get off from school? A:	thanksgiving.
Q: besides christmas, tell me a holiday that kids get off from school? A:	4th of july.
besides potatoes, one thing you would find in a potato salad is	mayonnaise.
besides potatoes, one thing you would find in a potato salad is	eggs.
besides potatoes, one thing you would find in a potato salad is	onions.
besides potatoes, one thing you would find in a potato salad is	celery.
besides potatoes, one thing you would find in a potato salad is	mustard.
Q: besides babies, tell me one person or something whom you baby-talk to? A:	pet.
Q: besides babies, tell me one person or something whom you baby-talk to? A:	lover.
Q: besides babies, tell me one person or something whom you baby-talk to? A:	older child.
Q: besides babies, tell me one person or something whom you baby-talk to? A:	elderly people.
Q: besides babies, tell me one person or something whom you baby-talk to? A:	doll.
besides curtains one thing a college student may use to cover their windows is	bedsheets.
besides curtains one thing a college student may use to cover their windows is	blinds.
besides curtains one thing a college student may use to cover their windows is	blanket.
besides curtains one thing a college student may use to cover their windows is	towels.
besides curtains one thing a college student may use to cover their windows is	newspaper.
besides curtains one thing a college student may use to cover their windows is	posters.
besides curtains one thing a college student may use to cover their windows is	clothes.
besides walking one way to get around in snowy weather is	ski.
besides walking one way to get around in snowy weather is	sled.
besides walking one way to get around in snowy weather is	car.
besides buying it, one way one person can get a car is	steal it.
besides buying it, one way one person can get a car is	lease it.
besides buying it, one way one person can get a car is	rent it.
besides buying it, one way one person can get a car is	win it.
besides a captain's shoulders, one place a parrot might hang out is	cage.
besides a captain's shoulders, one place a parrot might hang out is	hat.
besides a captain's shoulders, one place a parrot might hang out is	sail.
besides a captain's shoulders, one place a parrot might hang out is	arm.
besides a captain's shoulders, one place a parrot might hang out is	steering wheel.
besides a captain's shoulders, one place a parrot might hang out is	crows nest.
besides a captain's shoulders, one place a parrot might hang out is	mast.
Q: complete this sentence id never date one person who had bad? A:	breath.
Q: complete this sentence id never date one person who had bad? A:	hair.
Q: complete this sentence id never date one person who had bad? A:	manners.
Q: complete this sentence id never date one person who had bad? A:	attitude.
Q: complete this sentence id never date one person who had bad? A:	hygiene.
Q: complete this sentence id never date one person who had bad? A:	credit.
Q: complete this phrase bald as a(n)______? A:	eagle.
Q: complete this phrase bald as a(n)______? A:	cue ball.
Q: complete this phrase bald as a(n)______? A:	baby.
Q: complete this phrase bald as a(n)______? A:	coot.
Q: complete this phrase bald as a(n)______? A:	bowling ball.
Q: describe something people do when they need to sober up in a hurry? A:	drink coffee.
Q: describe something people do when they need to sober up in a hurry? A:	shower/wash face.
Q: describe something people do when they need to sober up in a hurry? A:	drink milk.
Q: describe something people do when they need to sober up in a hurry? A:	another drink.
Q: describe something people do when they need to sober up in a hurry? A:	sleep/rest.
even though is taste good, one downside to eating peanut butter is	sticky.
even though is taste good, one downside to eating peanut butter is	fat.
even though is taste good, one downside to eating peanut butter is	thick.
even though is taste good, one downside to eating peanut butter is	diarrhea.
even though is taste good, one downside to eating peanut butter is	high cholesterol.
even though is taste good, one downside to eating peanut butter is	get into teeth.
even though is taste good, one downside to eating peanut butter is	salty.
Q: fill in the blank pamela anderson owes her success to her _______? A:	body.
Q: fill in the blank pamela anderson owes her success to her _______? A:	face.
Q: fill in the blank pamela anderson owes her success to her _______? A:	baywatch.
Q: finish this sentence when visiting ___, don't forget to bring your sunglasses? A:	the beach.
Q: finish this sentence when visiting ___, don't forget to bring your sunglasses? A:	florida.
Q: finish this sentence when visiting ___, don't forget to bring your sunglasses? A:	hawaii.
Q: finish this sentence when visiting ___, don't forget to bring your sunglasses? A:	california.
grey hair on older men is distinguished one happens to aging men that isn't distinguished is	wrinkles.
grey hair on older men is distinguished one happens to aging men that isn't distinguished is	baldness.
grey hair on older men is distinguished one happens to aging men that isn't distinguished is	gain weight.
grey hair on older men is distinguished one happens to aging men that isn't distinguished is	nose/ear hair.
grey hair on older men is distinguished one happens to aging men that isn't distinguished is	lose teeth.
grey hair on older men is distinguished one happens to aging men that isn't distinguished is	lose hearing.
one word or a phrase beginning with the word "chicken" is	chicken little.
one word or a phrase beginning with the word "chicken" is	chicken soup.
one word or a phrase beginning with the word "chicken" is	chicken potpie.
one word or a phrase beginning with the word "chicken" is	chicken fingers.
one word or a phrase beginning with the word "chicken" is	chicken nuggets.
one slang term you'd use to describe a really good-looking guy is	fine.
one slang term you'd use to describe a really good-looking guy is	hot.
one specific reason why you wouldn't want to be married to you is	slob.
one specific reason why you wouldn't want to be married to you is	neat freak.
one specific reason why you wouldn't want to be married to you is	moody.
one specific reason why you wouldn't want to be married to you is	stubborn.
one specific reason why you wouldn't want to be married to you is	outspoken.
one word or phrase containing the word "chip" is	chocolate chip.
one word or phrase containing the word "chip" is	chip off the old block.
one word or phrase containing the word "chip" is	potato chip.
one word or phrase containing the word "chip" is	chip dip.
one word or phrase containing the word "chip" is	chip on shoulder.
one word or phrase containing the word "chip" is	chipmunk.
one word or phrase containing the word "chip" is	poker chip.
one word or phrase containing the word "chip" is	computer chip.
Q: give me one of the 10 commandments? A:	shall not kill.
Q: give me one of the 10 commandments? A:	shall not steal.
Q: give me one of the 10 commandments? A:	honor mom and dad.
Q: give me one of the 10 commandments? A:	shall not lie.
Q: give me one of the 10 commandments? A:	no adultery.
Q: give me one of the 10 commandments? A:	shall not covet.
one way to tell that a tv show is old time is	black and white.
one way to tell that a tv show is old time is	clothes.
one way to tell that a tv show is old time is	old cars.
one way to tell that a tv show is old time is	music.
Q: how might a snowman lose some of its accessories? A:	melt.
Q: how might a snowman lose some of its accessories? A:	wind.
Q: how might a snowman lose some of its accessories? A:	stolen.
Q: how might a snowman lose some of its accessories? A:	animals eat them.
one way to tell somebody is angry at you from their text messages is	all caps.
one way to tell somebody is angry at you from their text messages is	exclamation points.
one way to tell somebody is angry at you from their text messages is	swearing.
one way to tell somebody is angry at you from their text messages is	angry face.
one way to tell somebody is angry at you from their text messages is	no response.
one way to tell that the person in the car next to you is listening to music is	lips moving.
one way to tell that the person in the car next to you is listening to music is	head bobbing.
one way to tell that the person in the car next to you is listening to music is	hear it.
one way to tell that the person in the car next to you is listening to music is	fingers tapping.
Q: how many hours can a person drive before they need a break? A:	four.
Q: how many hours can a person drive before they need a break? A:	eight.
Q: how many hours can a person drive before they need a break? A:	five.
Q: how many hours can a person drive before they need a break? A:	six.
Q: how many hours can a person drive before they need a break? A:	ten.
Q: how many hours can a person drive before they need a break? A:	twelve.
Q: how many hours can a person drive before they need a break? A:	fifteen.
Q: how many movies do you see in a theater in one year? A:	10.
Q: how many movies do you see in a theater in one year? A:	6.
Q: how many movies do you see in a theater in one year? A:	2.
Q: how many movies do you see in a theater in one year? A:	3.
Q: how many movies do you see in a theater in one year? A:	12.
Q: how many movies do you see in a theater in one year? A:	5.
Q: how many movies do you see in a theater in one year? A:	8.
if you heard a thump in the night,one cleaning tool might you grab for protection is	broom.
if you heard a thump in the night,one cleaning tool might you grab for protection is	mop.
if you heard a thump in the night,one cleaning tool might you grab for protection is	plunger.
if you heard a thump in the night,one cleaning tool might you grab for protection is	toilet brush.
instead of a veil one type of headwear would you be surprise to see on a brides head is	crowne.
instead of a veil one type of headwear would you be surprise to see on a brides head is	beanie.
instead of a veil one type of headwear would you be surprise to see on a brides head is	baseball cap.
instead of a veil one type of headwear would you be surprise to see on a brides head is	cowboy.
instead of a veil one type of headwear would you be surprise to see on a brides head is	helmet.
in a romantic movie, one event often happens at the movie's finale is	kiss.
in a romantic movie, one event often happens at the movie's finale is	wedding.
in a romantic movie, one event often happens at the movie's finale is	couple begins dating.
in a romantic movie, one event often happens at the movie's finale is	someone dies.
if you boil you veggies too long, one thing they lose is	vitamins.
if you boil you veggies too long, one thing they lose is	flavor.
if you boil you veggies too long, one thing they lose is	firmness.
if you boil you veggies too long, one thing they lose is	color.
if the north pole gave guided tours,one specifically would be on the tour is	santa's house.
if the north pole gave guided tours,one specifically would be on the tour is	elves/workshop.
if the north pole gave guided tours,one specifically would be on the tour is	polar bears.
if the north pole gave guided tours,one specifically would be on the tour is	reindeer.
in movie endings, one place the main character goes to catch her crush before it's too late is	airport.
in movie endings, one place the main character goes to catch her crush before it's too late is	wedding/church.
in movie endings, one place the main character goes to catch her crush before it's too late is	train station/bus depot.
in movie endings, one place the main character goes to catch her crush before it's too late is	beach.
in movie endings, one place the main character goes to catch her crush before it's too late is	bridge.
in movie endings, one place the main character goes to catch her crush before it's too late is	park.
Q: in the grocery store, how can you identify a penny-pincher? A:	bring coupons.
Q: in the grocery store, how can you identify a penny-pincher? A:	carry a calculator.
Q: in the grocery store, how can you identify a penny-pincher? A:	buy generic brands.
Q: in the grocery store, how can you identify a penny-pincher? A:	how they dress.
if you elope to las vegas one thing you might not have at your wedding is	guests.
if you elope to las vegas one thing you might not have at your wedding is	cake.
if you elope to las vegas one thing you might not have at your wedding is	wedding dress.
if you elope to las vegas one thing you might not have at your wedding is	bridal party.
if you elope to las vegas one thing you might not have at your wedding is	flowers.
if you elope to las vegas one thing you might not have at your wedding is	clergy.
Q: if your purse was stolen, tell me the one thing in it that would be hardest to replace? A:	pictures.
Q: if your purse was stolen, tell me the one thing in it that would be hardest to replace? A:	cash.
if you commuted to work by jet pack one thing dangerous that could happen be specific is	fall to earth.
if you commuted to work by jet pack one thing dangerous that could happen be specific is	run out of gas.
if you commuted to work by jet pack one thing dangerous that could happen be specific is	hit a plane.
if you commuted to work by jet pack one thing dangerous that could happen be specific is	blow up.
if you commuted to work by jet pack one thing dangerous that could happen be specific is	collide with a bird.
if you commuted to work by jet pack one thing dangerous that could happen be specific is	hit a tree.
if you commuted to work by jet pack one thing dangerous that could happen be specific is	hit a building.
in the store one product that you might choose because its soft is	toilet paper.
in the store one product that you might choose because its soft is	bread.
in the store one product that you might choose because its soft is	pillow.
in the store one product that you might choose because its soft is	blanket.
in the store one product that you might choose because its soft is	towel.
in the store one product that you might choose because its soft is	shirt.
if james bond were a real man, one thing that probably would have happened to him by now is	he'd be dead.
if james bond were a real man, one thing that probably would have happened to him by now is	gotten old.
if james bond were a real man, one thing that probably would have happened to him by now is	gotten injured.
if james bond were a real man, one thing that probably would have happened to him by now is	out of work.
if you were going rock climbing, one thing you'd want to bring with you is	rope.
if you were going rock climbing, one thing you'd want to bring with you is	food.
if you were going rock climbing, one thing you'd want to bring with you is	water.
if you were going rock climbing, one thing you'd want to bring with you is	boots.
if you were going rock climbing, one thing you'd want to bring with you is	first aid.
if you were going rock climbing, one thing you'd want to bring with you is	cell phone.
if you were going rock climbing, one thing you'd want to bring with you is	chalk.
if you were filling in for santa one thing youd have to learn how to do is	say ho ho ho.
if you were filling in for santa one thing youd have to learn how to do is	drive a sleigh.
if you were filling in for santa one thing youd have to learn how to do is	climb down chimney.
if you were filling in for santa one thing youd have to learn how to do is	made a list.
if you were filling in for santa one thing youd have to learn how to do is	work with reindeer.
if you were filling in for santa one thing youd have to learn how to do is	wear his suit.
if you were to open "heartbreak hotel," one thing you'd offer your brokenhearted guests is	chocolate/sweets.
if you were to open "heartbreak hotel," one thing you'd offer your brokenhearted guests is	love/company.
if you were to open "heartbreak hotel," one thing you'd offer your brokenhearted guests is	a drink.
if you were to open "heartbreak hotel," one thing you'd offer your brokenhearted guests is	tissue.
if you were to open "heartbreak hotel," one thing you'd offer your brokenhearted guests is	flowers.
in the heat of a passionate moment, which disney character's  would be hardest to say with a straight face is	goofy.
in the heat of a passionate moment, which disney character's  would be hardest to say with a straight face is	mickey mouse.
in the heat of a passionate moment, which disney character's  would be hardest to say with a straight face is	donald duck.
in the heat of a passionate moment, which disney character's  would be hardest to say with a straight face is	dopey.
in the heat of a passionate moment, which disney character's  would be hardest to say with a straight face is	dumbo.
if you saw your love interest unexpectedly, one specific reason you'd avoid them is	your shy.
if you saw your love interest unexpectedly, one specific reason you'd avoid them is	your cheating.
if you saw your love interest unexpectedly, one specific reason you'd avoid them is	you look bad.
if you saw your love interest unexpectedly, one specific reason you'd avoid them is	your sick.
if you had to spend the night in your garage, one critter that you'd dread an encounter with is	rat/mouse.
if you had to spend the night in your garage, one critter that you'd dread an encounter with is	snake.
if you had to spend the night in your garage, one critter that you'd dread an encounter with is	skunk.
if you had to spend the night in your garage, one critter that you'd dread an encounter with is	raccoon.
if you had to spend the night in your garage, one critter that you'd dread an encounter with is	spider.
if you had to spend the night in your garage, one critter that you'd dread an encounter with is	cockroach.
if you had to spend the night in your garage, one critter that you'd dread an encounter with is	bat.
if there were a college for magicians,one trick that you're sure would be taught on day one is	objects disappear.
if there were a college for magicians,one trick that you're sure would be taught on day one is	rabbit out of hat.
if there were a college for magicians,one trick that you're sure would be taught on day one is	card tricks.
if there were a college for magicians,one trick that you're sure would be taught on day one is	saw in half.
if you run into a bear in the woods, one thing you should not do is	feed it.
if you run into a bear in the woods, one thing you should not do is	fight it.
if you run into a bear in the woods, one thing you should not do is	pet it.
if you run into a bear in the woods, one thing you should not do is	approach it.
in one country do americans get the best buys when shopping for clothing is	china.
in one country do americans get the best buys when shopping for clothing is	mexico.
in one occupation do you get to meet the most fascinating people is	entertainment.
in one occupation do you get to meet the most fascinating people is	reporter.
in one occupation do you get to meet the most fascinating people is	doctor.
in one occupation do you get to meet the most fascinating people is	salesperson.
in one occupation do you get to meet the most fascinating people is	photographer.
if you wanted to simplify your life, one thing you'd get rid of is	bills.
if you wanted to simplify your life, one thing you'd get rid of is	telly.
if you wanted to simplify your life, one thing you'd get rid of is	spouse.
if you wanted to simplify your life, one thing you'd get rid of is	telephone.
if you wanted to simplify your life, one thing you'd get rid of is	credit card.
if you wanted to simplify your life, one thing you'd get rid of is	computer.
it takes two hands to play a musical instrument one thing else it takes two hands to do is	type.
it takes two hands to play a musical instrument one thing else it takes two hands to do is	play sports.
it takes two hands to play a musical instrument one thing else it takes two hands to do is	wash dishes.
it takes two hands to play a musical instrument one thing else it takes two hands to do is	drive.
it takes two hands to play a musical instrument one thing else it takes two hands to do is	cook.
it takes two hands to play a musical instrument one thing else it takes two hands to do is	riding a bike.
if students ran the schools, one thing they would probably get rid of is	teachers.
if students ran the schools, one thing they would probably get rid of is	books.
if students ran the schools, one thing they would probably get rid of is	tests.
if you were stranded at the bottom of the grand canyon, one thing you would hope to have with you is	water.
if you were stranded at the bottom of the grand canyon, one thing you would hope to have with you is	food.
if a high school girl was really a teenage witch, one thing she might use her special powers for is	homework.
if a high school girl was really a teenage witch, one thing she might use her special powers for is	getting dates.
if there was a hidden camera at work, one thing your boss might catch you doing is	talking.
if there was a hidden camera at work, one thing your boss might catch you doing is	surfing the net.
if there was a hidden camera at work, one thing your boss might catch you doing is	working.
if there was a hidden camera at work, one thing your boss might catch you doing is	picking my nose.
if there was a hidden camera at work, one thing your boss might catch you doing is	eating.
if there was a hidden camera at work, one thing your boss might catch you doing is	sleeping.
if there was a hidden camera at work, one thing your boss might catch you doing is	playing games.
if there was a hidden camera at work, one thing your boss might catch you doing is	reading.
if a man's wife is brunette, one place she had better not find a blonde hair is	clothing.
if a man's wife is brunette, one place she had better not find a blonde hair is	bed.
if a man's wife is brunette, one place she had better not find a blonde hair is	on husband.
if a man's wife is brunette, one place she had better not find a blonde hair is	on herself.
if a man's wife is brunette, one place she had better not find a blonde hair is	car.
if you were turned into a spider, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	spin a web.
if you were turned into a spider, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	climb.
if you were turned into a spider, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	eat bugs.
if you overheard the word "moose" in a conversation, one might they be talking about is	animal/hunting.
if you overheard the word "moose" in a conversation, one might they be talking about is	hair mousse.
if you overheard the word "moose" in a conversation, one might they be talking about is	chocolate mousse.
if you overheard the word "moose" in a conversation, one might they be talking about is	a large person.
if you became a billionaire today, one thing you'd get rid of tomorrow is	house/apartment.
if you became a billionaire today, one thing you'd get rid of tomorrow is	car.
if you became a billionaire today, one thing you'd get rid of tomorrow is	job.
if you became a billionaire today, one thing you'd get rid of tomorrow is	debt/bills.
if you became a billionaire today, one thing you'd get rid of tomorrow is	significant other.
if you spent christmas alone, one traditional you might not bother with is	tree.
if you spent christmas alone, one traditional you might not bother with is	gifts.
if you spent christmas alone, one traditional you might not bother with is	dinner.
if you spent christmas alone, one traditional you might not bother with is	caroling.
if you spent christmas alone, one traditional you might not bother with is	decorating.
if you spent christmas alone, one traditional you might not bother with is	mistletoe.
if your cat had an answering machine, one thing the message might say he's busy doing is	grooming.
if your cat had an answering machine, one thing the message might say he's busy doing is	eating.
if your cat had an answering machine, one thing the message might say he's busy doing is	scratching post.
if your cat had an answering machine, one thing the message might say he's busy doing is	hunting.
if a football player looses his cup, one might he put down his pants for protection is	socks.
if a football player looses his cup, one might he put down his pants for protection is	towel.
if a football player looses his cup, one might he put down his pants for protection is	his hand.
if a football player looses his cup, one might he put down his pants for protection is	shoulder/knee pad.
if a football player looses his cup, one might he put down his pants for protection is	bowl.
if a football player looses his cup, one might he put down his pants for protection is	padded bra.
if a football player looses his cup, one might he put down his pants for protection is	toilet paper.
if a football player looses his cup, one might he put down his pants for protection is	coconut/shell.
if you can't get a flu shot, one thing you can do to protect yourself from the flu is	wash hands.
if you can't get a flu shot, one thing you can do to protect yourself from the flu is	take vitamins.
if you can't get a flu shot, one thing you can do to protect yourself from the flu is	dress warm.
if you can't get a flu shot, one thing you can do to protect yourself from the flu is	avoid sick people.
if you can't get a flu shot, one thing you can do to protect yourself from the flu is	drink liquids.
if you can't get a flu shot, one thing you can do to protect yourself from the flu is	avoid crowds.
if you can't get a flu shot, one thing you can do to protect yourself from the flu is	take herbs.
if you can't get a flu shot, one thing you can do to protect yourself from the flu is	take aspirin.
if you had a robot to do just one job around the house one chore would it be is	dishes.
if you had a robot to do just one job around the house one chore would it be is	laundry.
if you had a robot to do just one job around the house one chore would it be is	sweep/vacuum.
if you had a robot to do just one job around the house one chore would it be is	clean bathroom.
if you had a robot to do just one job around the house one chore would it be is	cook.
if you could fly, one thing you'd save a lot of money on is	gas.
if you could fly, one thing you'd save a lot of money on is	airfare.
if you could fly, one thing you'd save a lot of money on is	subway.
if you could fly, one thing you'd save a lot of money on is	shoes.
if you could fly, one thing you'd save a lot of money on is	taxi.
if there were a store called "bodybuilders-r-us," one thing you might be able to buy there is	weights.
if there were a store called "bodybuilders-r-us," one thing you might be able to buy there is	exercise machine.
if there were a store called "bodybuilders-r-us," one thing you might be able to buy there is	supplements.
if there were a store called "bodybuilders-r-us," one thing you might be able to buy there is	vitamins.
if there were a store called "bodybuilders-r-us," one thing you might be able to buy there is	spandex.
if there were a store called "bodybuilders-r-us," one thing you might be able to buy there is	shoes.
in one american city is it most expensive to eat dinner is	new york.
in one american city is it most expensive to eat dinner is	san francisco.
in one american city is it most expensive to eat dinner is	los angeles.
in one american city is it most expensive to eat dinner is	washington, dc.
in one american city is it most expensive to eat dinner is	honolulu.
if a woman were looking for love in all the wrong places one would be her first stop is	bar.
if a woman were looking for love in all the wrong places one would be her first stop is	internet.
if a woman were looking for love in all the wrong places one would be her first stop is	jail.
if a woman were looking for love in all the wrong places one would be her first stop is	fam. reunion/funeral.
if he ran out of money, one thing of value a man might bet in a poker game is	watch.
if he ran out of money, one thing of value a man might bet in a poker game is	car.
if he ran out of money, one thing of value a man might bet in a poker game is	jewelry/ring.
if he ran out of money, one thing of value a man might bet in a poker game is	house.
if a man's wife did everything for him, one thing in his house he'd have trouble using if they got divorced is	washer.
if a man's wife did everything for him, one thing in his house he'd have trouble using if they got divorced is	stove.
if a man's wife did everything for him, one thing in his house he'd have trouble using if they got divorced is	dishwasher.
if a man's wife did everything for him, one thing in his house he'd have trouble using if they got divorced is	iron.
if a man's wife did everything for him, one thing in his house he'd have trouble using if they got divorced is	vacuum.
if a man's wife did everything for him, one thing in his house he'd have trouble using if they got divorced is	microwave.
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, one's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning is	pay bills.
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, one's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning is	move.
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, one's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning is	sleep in.
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, one's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning is	buy a car.
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, one's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning is	go to bank.
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, one's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning is	go shopping.
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, one's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning is	quit my job.
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, one's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning is	donate to charity.
if you saw one person being mugged, one would you do is	try to help.
if you saw one person being mugged, one would you do is	call 911.
if you saw one person being mugged, one would you do is	yell.
if you saw one person being mugged, one would you do is	go get help.
if you saw one person being mugged, one would you do is	nothing.
life is short, so might as well spend it doing one is	fun.
life is short, so might as well spend it doing one is	traveling.
life is short, so might as well spend it doing one is	spending money.
life is short, so might as well spend it doing one is	family.
life is short, so might as well spend it doing one is	sports.
life is short, so might as well spend it doing one is	eating.
life is short, so might as well spend it doing one is	helping others.
one thing your spouse does to let you know they're "in the mood for love" is	kiss/touch.
one thing your spouse does to let you know they're "in the mood for love" is	touch.
one thing your spouse does to let you know they're "in the mood for love" is	turn on music.
one thing your spouse does to let you know they're "in the mood for love" is	undress/change clothes.
one thing your spouse does to let you know they're "in the mood for love" is	acty flirty.
one fruit people put in cakes is	strawberries.
one fruit people put in cakes is	pinapple.
one fruit people put in cakes is	bananas.
one fruit people put in cakes is	apples.
one fruit people put in cakes is	lemon.
one fruit people put in cakes is	cherries.
one fruit people put in cakes is	peaches.
one thing you would not want to buy at a dollar store is	food.
one thing you would not want to buy at a dollar store is	clothes.
one thing you would not want to buy at a dollar store is	birth control.
one thing you would not want to buy at a dollar store is	medicine.
one sport where you might see a lot of athletes is	football.
one sport where you might see a lot of athletes is	basketball.
one sport where you might see a lot of athletes is	baseball.
one sport where you might see a lot of athletes is	soccer.
one sport where you might see a lot of athletes is	hockey.
one person who might make a speech at a wedding is	best man.
one person who might make a speech at a wedding is	parent.
one person who might make a speech at a wedding is	bridesmaid.
one person who might make a speech at a wedding is	bride/groom.
one person who might make a speech at a wedding is	clergy member.
one product door-to-door salesmen used to sell is	vacuum cleaner.
one product door-to-door salesmen used to sell is	cosmetics.
one product door-to-door salesmen used to sell is	encyclopedia.
one product door-to-door salesmen used to sell is	bible.
one product door-to-door salesmen used to sell is	knives.
one gift you'd be likely to get as a house warming present from your new neighbors is	plant/flowers.
one gift you'd be likely to get as a house warming present from your new neighbors is	dessert.
one gift you'd be likely to get as a house warming present from your new neighbors is	wine.
one gift you'd be likely to get as a house warming present from your new neighbors is	candle.
one occupation that a boy wouldnt want his girlfriends father to have is	police officer.
one occupation that a boy wouldnt want his girlfriends father to have is	lawyer.
one occupation that a boy wouldnt want his girlfriends father to have is	judge.
one occupation that a boy wouldnt want his girlfriends father to have is	clergy.
one thing a child might do for or give santa is	milk and cookies.
one thing a child might do for or give santa is	write letter.
one word or short phrase that begins with the word "high" is	high school.
one word or short phrase that begins with the word "high" is	high five.
one word or short phrase that begins with the word "high" is	high roller.
one word or short phrase that begins with the word "high" is	high noon.
one word or short phrase that begins with the word "high" is	highway.
one word or short phrase that begins with the word "high" is	high heels.
one thing a goldfish might complain about is	dirty water.
one thing a goldfish might complain about is	no food.
one thing a goldfish might complain about is	bowl too small.
one thing a goldfish might complain about is	not enough water.
one thing a goldfish might complain about is	beat up by other fish.
one us state whose residents say yall is	texas.
one us state whose residents say yall is	georgia.
one us state whose residents say yall is	alabama.
one us state whose residents say yall is	kentucky.
one us state whose residents say yall is	tenessee.
one us state whose residents say yall is	south carolina.
one thing that causes your spouse to snore worse than usual is	cold/allergies.
one thing that causes your spouse to snore worse than usual is	alcohol.
one thing that causes your spouse to snore worse than usual is	exhaustion.
one thing that causes your spouse to snore worse than usual is	sleeping on back.
one thing that causes your spouse to snore worse than usual is	stress.
one sport that you wouldnt play without protective equipment is	football.
one sport that you wouldnt play without protective equipment is	hockey.
one sport that you wouldnt play without protective equipment is	baseball.
one sport that you wouldnt play without protective equipment is	rugby.
one place you'd be surprised to see a new dad on the day of his child's birth is	bar.
one place you'd be surprised to see a new dad on the day of his child's birth is	work.
one place you'd be surprised to see a new dad on the day of his child's birth is	sporting event.
one place you'd be surprised to see a new dad on the day of his child's birth is	home.
one thing you do in a booth is	kiss.
one thing you do in a booth is	talk on phone.
one thing you do in a booth is	have picture taken.
one thing you do in a booth is	vote.
one thing you do in a booth is	sell tickets.
one thing you do in a booth is	eat.
one thing in a regular house that might be missing in a batchelor pad is	furniture.
one thing in a regular house that might be missing in a batchelor pad is	food.
one thing in a regular house that might be missing in a batchelor pad is	decoration.
one thing in a regular house that might be missing in a batchelor pad is	family.
one thing in a regular house that might be missing in a batchelor pad is	appliances.
one place where a child makes friends is	school/childcare.
one place where a child makes friends is	play ground.
one place where a child makes friends is	sports team.
one place where a child makes friends is	neighborhood.
one place where a child makes friends is	place of worship.
one place where a child makes friends is	camp.
one thing you'd hate for your car to bump into in a parking lot is	another car.
one thing you'd hate for your car to bump into in a parking lot is	pedestrian.
one thing you'd hate for your car to bump into in a parking lot is	shopping cart.
one thing you'd hate for your car to bump into in a parking lot is	pole/sign.
one thing a man might ask his dads advice on is	relationships.
one thing a man might ask his dads advice on is	finances.
one thing a man might ask his dads advice on is	car.
one thing a man might ask his dads advice on is	job.
the worst part about riding the bus is	crowded.
the worst part about riding the bus is	stinky.
the worst part about riding the bus is	bumpy.
the worst part about riding the bus is	noise.
the worst part about riding the bus is	takes longer.
the worst part about riding the bus is	hot.
the worst part about riding the bus is	bus fare.
one thing teens may be afraid of when moving away to college is	expenses.
one thing teens may be afraid of when moving away to college is	being alone.
one thing teens may be afraid of when moving away to college is	leaving home.
one thing teens may be afraid of when moving away to college is	making new friends.
one thing teens may be afraid of when moving away to college is	difficult classes.
one thing teens may be afraid of when moving away to college is	new roommate.
one term for one person who thinks very highly of himself is	conceited.
one term for one person who thinks very highly of himself is	arrogant.
one term for one person who thinks very highly of himself is	cocky.
one term for one person who thinks very highly of himself is	stuck up.
one term for one person who thinks very highly of himself is	snob.
one term for one person who thinks very highly of himself is	vain.
one term for one person who thinks very highly of himself is	egotistical.
one organ people might have removed is	kidney.
one organ people might have removed is	appendix.
one organ people might have removed is	gall bladder.
one organ people might have removed is	lung.
one organ people might have removed is	spleen.
one time when a wife often chooses her husbands clothes for him is	wedding.
one time when a wife often chooses her husbands clothes for him is	worship service.
one time when a wife often chooses her husbands clothes for him is	party.
one time when a wife often chooses her husbands clothes for him is	work/interview.
one time when a wife often chooses her husbands clothes for him is	going for dinner.
one thing a husband might forget to take to the hospital when his wife is having a baby is	suitcase.
one thing a husband might forget to take to the hospital when his wife is having a baby is	wife.
one thing a husband might forget to take to the hospital when his wife is having a baby is	extra clothes.
one thing a husband might forget to take to the hospital when his wife is having a baby is	baby bag.
one thing a husband might forget to take to the hospital when his wife is having a baby is	flowers.
one thing a husband might forget to take to the hospital when his wife is having a baby is	car seat.
the most expensive sport for kids to participate in is	football.
the most expensive sport for kids to participate in is	golf.
the most expensive sport for kids to participate in is	baseball.
the most expensive sport for kids to participate in is	hockey.
the most expensive sport for kids to participate in is	cheerleading.
the most expensive sport for kids to participate in is	horseback riding.
the most expensive sport for kids to participate in is	gymnastics.
one thing kids might use to help them count is	fingers.
one thing kids might use to help them count is	flash cards.
one thing kids might use to help them count is	calculator.
one thing kids might use to help them count is	blocks.
one thing a teacher might use to help them teach their class is	books.
one thing a teacher might use to help them teach their class is	computer.
one thing a teacher might use to help them teach their class is	chalkboard.
one thing a teacher might use to help them teach their class is	maps.
one thing a teacher might use to help them teach their class is	videos.
one thing a teacher might use to help them teach their class is	newspaper.
one thing on you that might be tied in a knot is	shoe laces.
one thing on you that might be tied in a knot is	hair.
one thing on you that might be tied in a knot is	tounge.
one thing on you that might be tied in a knot is	stomach.
one thing a driver might do that would cause you to write down his cars license number is	hit and run.
one thing a driver might do that would cause you to write down his cars license number is	cut in front.
one thing a driver might do that would cause you to write down his cars license number is	drunk driving.
one thing a driver might do that would cause you to write down his cars license number is	drive recklessly.
one thing people guess the weight or volume of in order to win a prize is	carnival goers.
one thing people guess the weight or volume of in order to win a prize is	pig/animal.
one thing people guess the weight or volume of in order to win a prize is	pumpkin/squash.
one thing people guess the weight or volume of in order to win a prize is	jar of candy.
one thing people guess the weight or volume of in order to win a prize is	melon.
one thing people guess the weight or volume of in order to win a prize is	baby.
one thing you do to an item before giving it as a gift is	wrap it.
one thing you do to an item before giving it as a gift is	remove price tag.
one thing you do to an item before giving it as a gift is	buy it.
one thing that you can adjust the volume on is	tv.
one thing that you can adjust the volume on is	radio/stereo.
one thing that you can adjust the volume on is	computer.
one thing that you can adjust the volume on is	phone.
one thing that you can adjust the volume on is	mp3 player.
one thing that's expensive to replace if you lose it is	jewelry.
one thing that's expensive to replace if you lose it is	watch.
one thing that's expensive to replace if you lose it is	cell phone.
one thing that's expensive to replace if you lose it is	house.
one thing that's expensive to replace if you lose it is	pair of glasses.
one thing your spouse might get mad at you for doing too much is	talking.
one thing your spouse might get mad at you for doing too much is	shopping/spending.
one thing your spouse might get mad at you for doing too much is	drinking.
one thing your spouse might get mad at you for doing too much is	sleeping.
one thing your spouse might get mad at you for doing too much is	spending money.
one thing your spouse might get mad at you for doing too much is	watching tv.
one thing you expect to see inside every hotel room is	bed.
one thing you expect to see inside every hotel room is	towels.
one thing you expect to see inside every hotel room is	tv.
one thing you expect to see inside every hotel room is	bible.
one thing you expect to see inside every hotel room is	soap.
one thing you expect to see inside every hotel room is	coffeemaker.
one thing that a child often loses is	teeth.
one thing that a child often loses is	toys.
one thing that a child often loses is	money.
one thing that a child often loses is	homework.
one thing that a child often loses is	gloves.
one thing that a child often loses is	jacket.
one thing that a child often loses is	temper.
one thing a driver might do when he sees a police car is	slow down.
one thing a driver might do when he sees a police car is	pull over.
one thing a driver might do when he sees a police car is	put seat belt on.
one thing a driver might do when he sees a police car is	run the other way.
one thing a driver might do when he sees a police car is	panic.
one reason why a person would say they had a horrible cab driver is	got lost.
one reason why a person would say they had a horrible cab driver is	too fast.
one reason why a person would say they had a horrible cab driver is	accident.
one reason why a person would say they had a horrible cab driver is	too slow.
one reason why a person would say they had a horrible cab driver is	expensive.
one reason why a person would say they had a horrible cab driver is	smelly.
one thing people turn on just before they get in bed is	alarm.
one thing people turn on just before they get in bed is	tv.
one thing people turn on just before they get in bed is	lamp.
one thing people turn on just before they get in bed is	radio.
one thing people turn on just before they get in bed is	electric blanket.
one act of high school rebellion that you cant imagine a kindergartener doing is	smoking.
one act of high school rebellion that you cant imagine a kindergartener doing is	fighting.
one act of high school rebellion that you cant imagine a kindergartener doing is	alcohol/drugs.
one act of high school rebellion that you cant imagine a kindergartener doing is	skipping school.
one act of high school rebellion that you cant imagine a kindergartener doing is	swearing.
one act of high school rebellion that you cant imagine a kindergartener doing is	breaking curfew.
one thing people keep in their car for emergencies is	flashlight.
one thing people keep in their car for emergencies is	flares.
one thing people keep in their car for emergencies is	blanket.
one thing people keep in their car for emergencies is	jumper cable.
one thing people keep in their car for emergencies is	spare tire.
one thing people keep in their car for emergencies is	cell phone.
one thing people keep in their car for emergencies is	jack.
one way you know you've arrived in new york city is	big building.
one way you know you've arrived in new york city is	statue of liberty.
one way you know you've arrived in new york city is	traffic.
one way you know you've arrived in new york city is	crowded.
one way you know you've arrived in new york city is	smog.
one way you know you've arrived in new york city is	cabs.
one thing you might have to put up with an at outdoor cafe that you wouldn't when eating indoors is	bugs.
one thing you might have to put up with an at outdoor cafe that you wouldn't when eating indoors is	wind.
one thing you might have to put up with an at outdoor cafe that you wouldn't when eating indoors is	cold weather.
one thing you might have to put up with an at outdoor cafe that you wouldn't when eating indoors is	sun.
one thing you might have to put up with an at outdoor cafe that you wouldn't when eating indoors is	rain.
one animal you would find in the ocean but not in a pond is	shark.
one animal you would find in the ocean but not in a pond is	whale.
one animal you would find in the ocean but not in a pond is	dolphin.
one animal you would find in the ocean but not in a pond is	octopus.
one animal you would find in the ocean but not in a pond is	seal.
one thing naughty that children living in the white house would never be able to get away with is	sneaking out.
one thing naughty that children living in the white house would never be able to get away with is	shoplifting.
one thing naughty that children living in the white house would never be able to get away with is	skipping school.
one thing naughty that children living in the white house would never be able to get away with is	smoking/drinking.
one thing naughty that children living in the white house would never be able to get away with is	making a mess.
one thing about a cartoon character that might be brightly colored is	clothes.
one thing about a cartoon character that might be brightly colored is	hair.
one thing about a cartoon character that might be brightly colored is	eyes.
one thing about a cartoon character that might be brightly colored is	skin.
one time you shouldn't send a text message to your love interest is	at work.
one time you shouldn't send a text message to your love interest is	midnight.
one time you shouldn't send a text message to your love interest is	while driving.
one time you shouldn't send a text message to your love interest is	mad.
one time you shouldn't send a text message to your love interest is	when drinking.
one thing people do while telling a lie that gives them away is	no eye contact.
one thing people do while telling a lie that gives them away is	stutter.
one thing people do while telling a lie that gives them away is	sweating.
one thing people do while telling a lie that gives them away is	smile/nervous laugh.
one thing people do while telling a lie that gives them away is	red face.
one thing you'd hate to find floating in your coffee is	bug.
one thing you'd hate to find floating in your coffee is	hair.
one thing you'd hate to find floating in your coffee is	food crumb.
one thing a woman might want to cover up with makeup is	blemish.
one thing a woman might want to cover up with makeup is	scar.
one thing a woman might want to cover up with makeup is	bruise.
one thing a woman might want to cover up with makeup is	wrinkles.
one thing a woman might want to cover up with makeup is	mole.
one thing a woman might want to cover up with makeup is	freckles.
one thing a woman might want to cover up with makeup is	hickey.
one word or phrase used to describe milk that's past its expiration date is	sour.
one word or phrase used to describe milk that's past its expiration date is	old.
one word or phrase used to describe milk that's past its expiration date is	rotten.
one word or phrase used to describe milk that's past its expiration date is	curdled.
one thing you never leave unlocked (more specific than "door") is	car.
one thing you never leave unlocked (more specific than "door") is	safe.
one thing you never leave unlocked (more specific than "door") is	house.
one thing you never leave unlocked (more specific than "door") is	diary.
one thing that has pineapple in it is	upside down cake.
one thing that has pineapple in it is	juice.
one thing that has pineapple in it is	fruit salad.
one reason why a workplace might not have their annual christmas party is	budget cuts.
one reason why a workplace might not have their annual christmas party is	bad weather.
one reason why a workplace might not have their annual christmas party is	going under.
one reason why a workplace might not have their annual christmas party is	too busy.
one thing you do when approached by a salesperson at a store is	avoid them.
one thing you do when approached by a salesperson at a store is	ask for help.
one thing you do when approached by a salesperson at a store is	smile.
one thing you do when approached by a salesperson at a store is	say hi.
one thing you do when approached by a salesperson at a store is	"just looking".
one word that they use at a sporting event thats also used on family fued is	strike.
one word that they use at a sporting event thats also used on family fued is	winner.
one word that they use at a sporting event thats also used on family fued is	shake hands.
one word that they use at a sporting event thats also used on family fued is	good.
one word that they use at a sporting event thats also used on family fued is	score.
one word that they use at a sporting event thats also used on family fued is	lost.
one thing that would prevent a person from becoming a pilot is	bad vision.
one thing that would prevent a person from becoming a pilot is	fear of flying.
one thing that would prevent a person from becoming a pilot is	fear of heights.
one thing that would prevent a person from becoming a pilot is	criminal record.
one thing that would prevent a person from becoming a pilot is	drinking problem.
one thing noah might have worried about during his voyage on the ark is	not enough food.
one thing noah might have worried about during his voyage on the ark is	animals getting sick.
one thing noah might have worried about during his voyage on the ark is	boat sinking.
one thing noah might have worried about during his voyage on the ark is	leaks.
one thing noah might have worried about during his voyage on the ark is	when rain would end.
one thing noah might have worried about during his voyage on the ark is	drowning.
one occupation in which you'd get to use a two way radio is	police officer.
one occupation in which you'd get to use a two way radio is	trucker.
one occupation in which you'd get to use a two way radio is	construction.
one occupation in which you'd get to use a two way radio is	security guard.
one thing you need in order to make a garden is	seeds.
one thing you need in order to make a garden is	soil.
one thing you need in order to make a garden is	water cooler.
one thing you need in order to make a garden is	hoe.
one thing you need in order to make a garden is	shovel.
one thing you need in order to make a garden is	plot of land.
one rule a parent might have for when their child goes swimming is	no diving.
one rule a parent might have for when their child goes swimming is	no running.
one rule a parent might have for when their child goes swimming is	lifejacket/floaties.
one rule a parent might have for when their child goes swimming is	hor after eating.
one rule a parent might have for when their child goes swimming is	no deep water.
one rule a parent might have for when their child goes swimming is	stay supervised.
one breakfast item that you order, but can never finish is	pancakes.
one breakfast item that you order, but can never finish is	omelet.
one breakfast item that you order, but can never finish is	coffee.
one breakfast item that you order, but can never finish is	grits.
one thing people remember about the tv show cheers is	bar.
one thing people remember about the tv show cheers is	norm.
one thing people remember about the tv show cheers is	woody.
one thing people remember about the tv show cheers is	sam malone.
one thing people remember about the tv show cheers is	frasier crane.
one thing people remember about the tv show cheers is	cliff calvin.
one thing people remember about the tv show cheers is	boston.
one thing snow white and cinderella have in common is	a prince.
one thing snow white and cinderella have in common is	evil stepmothers.
one thing snow white and cinderella have in common is	fairy tails.
one thing snow white and cinderella have in common is	beauty.
one thing snow white and cinderella have in common is	women.
one thing snow white and cinderella have in common is	princesses.
one thing snow white and cinderella have in common is	cartoons.
one good job to have if you want to get a nice tan is	lifeguard.
one good job to have if you want to get a nice tan is	tanning salon.
one good job to have if you want to get a nice tan is	construction.
one good job to have if you want to get a nice tan is	gardener.
one thing women talk about during a "girls' night out" is	dating/relationships.
one thing women talk about during a "girls' night out" is	kids.
one thing women talk about during a "girls' night out" is	work.
one thing women talk about during a "girls' night out" is	clothes.
one halloween costume you see on babies but rarely see on their parents is	pumkin.
one halloween costume you see on babies but rarely see on their parents is	bunny.
one halloween costume you see on babies but rarely see on their parents is	clown.
one halloween costume you see on babies but rarely see on their parents is	angel.
one halloween costume you see on babies but rarely see on their parents is	princess.
one thing that would lead you to suspect that the person youve just met is from canada is	accent.
one thing that would lead you to suspect that the person youve just met is from canada is	wearing maple flag.
one thing that would lead you to suspect that the person youve just met is from canada is	different currency.
one thing that would lead you to suspect that the person youve just met is from canada is	love hockey.
one sauce you wouldn't put on ice cream is	hot sauce.
one sauce you wouldn't put on ice cream is	ketchup.
one sauce you wouldn't put on ice cream is	spaghetti sauce.
one sauce you wouldn't put on ice cream is	barbque sauce.
one sauce you wouldn't put on ice cream is	alfredo.
one sauce you wouldn't put on ice cream is	teriyaki.
one activity that requires moving your hips is	dancing.
one activity that requires moving your hips is	hula hoop.
one activity that requires moving your hips is	running.
one activity that requires moving your hips is	walking.
one activity that requires moving your hips is	tai bo.
one activity that requires moving your hips is	aerobics.
one thing that president obama has a lot of is	money.
one thing that president obama has a lot of is	problems.
one thing that president obama has a lot of is	supporters.
one thing that president obama has a lot of is	charisma.
one thing that president obama has a lot of is	security/guards.
one thing that president obama has a lot of is	opponents.
one thing that president obama has a lot of is	power.
one occupation that people consider caring is	nurse.
one occupation that people consider caring is	doctor.
one occupation that people consider caring is	teacher.
one occupation that people consider caring is	childcare provider.
one thing youd see at a gas station is	gas pumps.
one thing youd see at a gas station is	cars.
one thing youd see at a gas station is	drinks.
one thing youd see at a gas station is	oil.
one thing youd see at a gas station is	people.
one thing youd see at a gas station is	lottery tickets.
one thing youd see at a gas station is	air pump.
one thing men do in the bathroom that really ticks women off is	leave seat up.
one thing men do in the bathroom that really ticks women off is	pee on seat.
one thing men do in the bathroom that really ticks women off is	don't clean sink.
one thing men do in the bathroom that really ticks women off is	cut their hair.
one thing men do in the bathroom that really ticks women off is	leave underware.
one thing men do in the bathroom that really ticks women off is	read.
one thing celebrities do when their children are born that most of us don't do is	sell pictures.
one thing celebrities do when their children are born that most of us don't do is	hide them.
one thing celebrities do when their children are born that most of us don't do is	big party.
one thing celebrities do when their children are born that most of us don't do is	weird names.
one thing celebrities do when their children are born that most of us don't do is	hire nanny.
one thing celebrities do when their children are born that most of us don't do is	give interview.
one thing you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry is	breathe.
one thing you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry is	smoke.
one thing you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry is	walk.
one thing you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry is	count to 10.
one thing you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry is	eat something.
one thing you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry is	meditate.
one thing you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry is	listen to music.
one activity that involves a paddle is	ping pong.
one activity that involves a paddle is	rowing.
one activity that involves a paddle is	paddle ball.
one activity that involves a paddle is	racquetball.
one activity that involves a paddle is	cricket.
one activity that involves a paddle is	frat initiation.
one movie or tv show that has the word diarydiaries in the title is	diary of a mad black woman.
one movie or tv show that has the word diarydiaries in the title is	diary of ann frank.
one movie or tv show that has the word diarydiaries in the title is	princess diaries.
one movie or tv show that has the word diarydiaries in the title is	bridgette jones'.
one movie or tv show that has the word diarydiaries in the title is	diary of a wimpy kid.
one movie or tv show that has the word diarydiaries in the title is	vampire diaries.
one thing a celeb has to do before an awards ceremony starts is	get dressed.
one thing a celeb has to do before an awards ceremony starts is	walk red carpet.
one thing a celeb has to do before an awards ceremony starts is	hair/makeup.
one thing a celeb has to do before an awards ceremony starts is	interview.
one thing a celeb has to do before an awards ceremony starts is	take pictures.
one thing a celeb has to do before an awards ceremony starts is	reherse.
one superhero who doesn't fly is	spider man.
one superhero who doesn't fly is	batman.
one superhero who doesn't fly is	flash.
one superhero who doesn't fly is	incredible hulk.
one superhero who doesn't fly is	robin.
one superhero who doesn't fly is	wonder woman.
one food that's often served with wine is	cheese.
one food that's often served with wine is	meat.
one food that's often served with wine is	bread.
one food that's often served with wine is	pasta.
one thing you do right before your picture is taken is	smile.
one thing you do right before your picture is taken is	pose.
one thing you do right before your picture is taken is	brush hair.
one thing you do right before your picture is taken is	say cheese.
one gift that most women would be thrilled to get for christmas is	jewelry.
one gift that most women would be thrilled to get for christmas is	car.
one gift that most women would be thrilled to get for christmas is	cash.
one gift that most women would be thrilled to get for christmas is	perfume.
one gift that most women would be thrilled to get for christmas is	clothes.
one part of the body that gets mentioned a lot in romantic songs is	lips.
one part of the body that gets mentioned a lot in romantic songs is	heart.
one part of the body that gets mentioned a lot in romantic songs is	eyes.
one part of the body that gets mentioned a lot in romantic songs is	hair.
one form of communication that few people use anymore is	written letters.
one form of communication that few people use anymore is	telegraph.
one form of communication that few people use anymore is	phone.
one thing a caveman might do to impress a cavewoman is	kill dinosaur.
one thing a caveman might do to impress a cavewoman is	beat his chest.
one thing a caveman might do to impress a cavewoman is	make fire.
one thing a caveman might do to impress a cavewoman is	bring her meat.
one thing a caveman might do to impress a cavewoman is	pull her by the hair.
one thing a child says when they do something wrong is	i'm sorry.
one thing a child says when they do something wrong is	whoops.
one thing a child says when they do something wrong is	uh oh.
one thing a child says when they do something wrong is	i didn't do it.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to dress as a vampire for halloween is	fangs.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to dress as a vampire for halloween is	cape.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to dress as a vampire for halloween is	white makeup.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to dress as a vampire for halloween is	fake blood.
one food that you might need help removing the lid from is	pickles.
one food that you might need help removing the lid from is	jelly.
one food that you might need help removing the lid from is	peanut butter.
one food that you might need help removing the lid from is	mayonnaise.
one new year's tv host is	dick clark.
one new year's tv host is	regis philbin.
one new year's tv host is	carson daly.
one new year's tv host is	ryan seacrest.
one new year's tv host is	jay leno.
one new year's tv host is	casey kasem.
one thing people do while they're gambling is	drink.
one thing people do while they're gambling is	lose money.
one thing people do while they're gambling is	smoke.
one thing people do while they're gambling is	play cards.
one thing people do while they're gambling is	scream.
one thing people do while they're gambling is	sweat.
one reason you might look forward to november is	thanksgiving.
one reason you might look forward to november is	sales.
one reason you might look forward to november is	turkey.
one reason you might look forward to november is	christmas decoration.
one reason you might look forward to november is	vacation.
one reason you might look forward to november is	cooler weather.
one reason you might look forward to november is	family gets together.
one thing guests do at a wedding reception is	eat.
one thing guests do at a wedding reception is	dance.
one thing guests do at a wedding reception is	drink.
one thing guests do at a wedding reception is	throw rice.
one thing guests do at a wedding reception is	talk.
one thing guests do at a wedding reception is	cry.
one thing guests do at a wedding reception is	congratulate.
one person famous who plays the piano is	sir elton john.
one person famous who plays the piano is	stevie wonder.
one person famous who plays the piano is	liberace.
one person famous who plays the piano is	ray charles.
one person famous who plays the piano is	beethoven.
one person famous who plays the piano is	billy joel.
one thing that happens to people when they get embarrassed is	blush.
one thing that happens to people when they get embarrassed is	cry.
one thing that happens to people when they get embarrassed is	sweat.
one thing that happens to people when they get embarrassed is	giggle.
one type of sandwich you'd expect to see in new york city is	hoagie.
one type of sandwich you'd expect to see in new york city is	ham.
one type of sandwich you'd expect to see in new york city is	cheese steak.
one type of sandwich you'd expect to see in new york city is	pastrami.
one type of sandwich you'd expect to see in new york city is	meatball.
one type of sandwich you'd expect to see in new york city is	reuben.
one thing a soldier took to the first day of kindergarten that they wouldnt take to their first day of training is	blankey.
one thing a soldier took to the first day of kindergarten that they wouldnt take to their first day of training is	crayons.
one thing a soldier took to the first day of kindergarten that they wouldnt take to their first day of training is	lunchbox.
one thing a soldier took to the first day of kindergarten that they wouldnt take to their first day of training is	teddy bear.
one thing a soldier took to the first day of kindergarten that they wouldnt take to their first day of training is	parent.
one thing people are said to "break" is	legs.
one thing people are said to "break" is	hearts.
one thing people are said to "break" is	glass.
one thing people are said to "break" is	promise.
one thing people are said to "break" is	rules.
one thing people are said to "break" is	the bank.
one thing people are said to "break" is	habbits.
one reason your cell phone might stop working is	dead battery.
one reason your cell phone might stop working is	out of range.
one reason your cell phone might stop working is	didn't pay bill.
one reason your cell phone might stop working is	wet.
one thing a zombie might see a doctor about is	green skin.
one thing a zombie might see a doctor about is	no pulse.
one thing a zombie might see a doctor about is	insomnia.
one thing a zombie might see a doctor about is	bloody sores.
one thing a zombie might see a doctor about is	falling apart.
one thing a zombie might see a doctor about is	odd appetite.
one thing youd probably see at a construction site is	men.
one thing youd probably see at a construction site is	hard hats.
one thing youd probably see at a construction site is	tractors.
one thing youd probably see at a construction site is	big trucks.
one thing youd probably see at a construction site is	bulldozer.
one thing youd probably see at a construction site is	hammers.
one thing youd probably see at a construction site is	wood.
one part of the house where you're most likely to set a mousetrap is	kitchen.
one part of the house where you're most likely to set a mousetrap is	basement.
one part of the house where you're most likely to set a mousetrap is	garage.
one part of the house where you're most likely to set a mousetrap is	dining room.
one part of the house where you're most likely to set a mousetrap is	bedroom.
one part of the house where you're most likely to set a mousetrap is	bathroom.
one thing a person might do while eating breakfast is	read.
one thing a person might do while eating breakfast is	watch tv.
one thing a person might do while eating breakfast is	listen to radio.
one thing a person might do while eating breakfast is	drink coffee.
one thing a person might do while eating breakfast is	drink juice.
one thing a person might do while eating breakfast is	talk.
one thing you do at an office holiday party is	drink.
one thing you do at an office holiday party is	eat.
one thing you do at an office holiday party is	talk.
one thing you do at an office holiday party is	exchange gifts.
one thing you do at an office holiday party is	dance.
one thing you do at an office holiday party is	sing.
one thing kids are afraid to get from their teacher is	bad grade.
one thing kids are afraid to get from their teacher is	detention.
one thing kids are afraid to get from their teacher is	homework.
one thing kids are afraid to get from their teacher is	test.
one thing kids are afraid to get from their teacher is	letter sent home.
one thing millionaires might shop for just for fun is	cars.
one thing millionaires might shop for just for fun is	clothes.
one thing millionaires might shop for just for fun is	houses.
one thing millionaires might shop for just for fun is	jewlery.
one thing millionaires might shop for just for fun is	plane.
one thing millionaires might shop for just for fun is	boat.
one thing a man might do at the gym to impress a woman is	lift weights.
one thing a man might do at the gym to impress a woman is	flex.
one thing a man might do at the gym to impress a woman is	take off shirt.
one person who might work at a mansion is	maid.
one person who might work at a mansion is	butler.
one person who might work at a mansion is	cook.
one person who might work at a mansion is	gardener.
one person who might work at a mansion is	chauffeur.
one thing you use in the bathtub, that you'd look silly bringing into a jacuzzi is	bar of soap.
one thing you use in the bathtub, that you'd look silly bringing into a jacuzzi is	wash cloth/loofah.
one thing you use in the bathtub, that you'd look silly bringing into a jacuzzi is	bubble bath/salts.
one thing you use in the bathtub, that you'd look silly bringing into a jacuzzi is	shampoo.
one thing you use in the bathtub, that you'd look silly bringing into a jacuzzi is	rubber ducky.
one thing you use in the bathtub, that you'd look silly bringing into a jacuzzi is	razor.
one reason you might suspect you're becoming a martian is	turning green.
one reason you might suspect you're becoming a martian is	ears grow.
one reason you might suspect you're becoming a martian is	growing antennas.
one reason you might suspect you're becoming a martian is	eyes get bigger.
one reason you might suspect you're becoming a martian is	glowing.
one reason you might suspect you're becoming a martian is	can't speak.
one thing a woman calls a party's host to ask is	what time.
one thing a woman calls a party's host to ask is	what to wear.
one thing a woman calls a party's host to ask is	what to bring.
one thing a woman calls a party's host to ask is	directions.
one reason a couple may keep a close watch on a calender is	anniversary.
one reason a couple may keep a close watch on a calender is	baby due.
one reason a couple may keep a close watch on a calender is	trying for a baby.
one reason a couple may keep a close watch on a calender is	wedding day.
one thing that goes well with a juicy steak is	baked potato.
one thing that goes well with a juicy steak is	salad.
one thing that goes well with a juicy steak is	fries.
one thing that goes well with a juicy steak is	wine.
one thing that goes well with a juicy steak is	beer.
one thing that goes well with a juicy steak is	steak sauce.
one thing that goes well with a juicy steak is	mushrooms.
one fast food restaurant people would recognize by their sign is	mcdonalds.
one fast food restaurant people would recognize by their sign is	burger king.
one fast food restaurant people would recognize by their sign is	taco bell.
one fast food restaurant people would recognize by their sign is	kfc.
one fast food restaurant people would recognize by their sign is	pizza hut.
one thing you might learn how to do in the boy scouts is	tie a knot.
one thing you might learn how to do in the boy scouts is	build a fire.
one thing you might learn how to do in the boy scouts is	camping.
one thing you might learn how to do in the boy scouts is	swim.
one thing you might learn how to do in the boy scouts is	take an oath.
one thing you might learn how to do in the boy scouts is	pitch a tent.
one thing you might learn how to do in the boy scouts is	wilderness survival.
one souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it is	spoon.
one souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it is	shirt.
one souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it is	key chain.
one souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it is	coffee cups.
one souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it is	glasses.
one souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it is	plates.
one souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it is	ashtray.
one thing a teen can do for longer amounts of time than their parents is	sleep.
one thing a teen can do for longer amounts of time than their parents is	exercise.
one thing a teen can do for longer amounts of time than their parents is	talk on the phone.
one thing a teen can do for longer amounts of time than their parents is	stay up.
one thing a teen can do for longer amounts of time than their parents is	watch tv.
one thing a teen can do for longer amounts of time than their parents is	play video games.
one good gift for a lifeguard is	sunscreen.
one good gift for a lifeguard is	bathing suit.
one good gift for a lifeguard is	whistle.
one good gift for a lifeguard is	sunglasses.
one good gift for a lifeguard is	bullhorn.
one good gift for a lifeguard is	life preserver.
one thing people do to make their breath smell good is	brush teeth.
one thing people do to make their breath smell good is	mints/gum.
one thing people do to make their breath smell good is	mouthwash.
one thing people do to make their breath smell good is	floss.
one thing people do to make their breath smell good is	breath spray.
one specific reason youd get fired from your job as a zookeeper is	free animals.
one specific reason youd get fired from your job as a zookeeper is	don't feed animals.
one specific reason youd get fired from your job as a zookeeper is	animal cruelty.
one specific reason youd get fired from your job as a zookeeper is	sleep on job.
one specific reason youd get fired from your job as a zookeeper is	show up late.
one reason why a student might be moved to the front of the class is	poor vision.
one reason why a student might be moved to the front of the class is	in trouble.
one reason why a student might be moved to the front of the class is	teacher's pet.
one reason why a student might be moved to the front of the class is	hear better.
one reason why a student might be moved to the front of the class is	attractive teacher.
one place where you hear people being paged over a loudspeaker is	hospital.
one place where you hear people being paged over a loudspeaker is	airport.
one place where you hear people being paged over a loudspeaker is	school.
one place where you hear people being paged over a loudspeaker is	store.
one thing you would change if you could in your life is	job.
one thing you would change if you could in your life is	salary.
one thing you would change if you could in your life is	weight.
one thing you would change if you could in your life is	age.
one thing you would change if you could in your life is	looks.
one thing you would change if you could in your life is	name.
one thing you would change if you could in your life is	marriage.
one thing a magician might make disappear is	rabbit.
one thing a magician might make disappear is	assistant/spectator.
one thing a magician might make disappear is	bird.
one thing a magician might make disappear is	money.
one thing a magician might make disappear is	flowers.
one thing a magician might make disappear is	her/himself.
one reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city is	natural disaster.
one reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city is	romance.
one reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city is	just for fun.
one reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city is	moving.
one reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city is	fight with spouse.
one reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city is	remodeling.
one reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city is	getting married.
the article of babies' clothing that grown adults are most shocked by when seeing its tiny size is	shoes/booties.
the article of babies' clothing that grown adults are most shocked by when seeing its tiny size is	diapers.
the article of babies' clothing that grown adults are most shocked by when seeing its tiny size is	onesie/pajamas.
the article of babies' clothing that grown adults are most shocked by when seeing its tiny size is	t-shirt.
the article of babies' clothing that grown adults are most shocked by when seeing its tiny size is	bib.
the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play is	violin.
the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play is	piano.
the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play is	guitar.
the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play is	harp.
the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play is	drums.
the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play is	french horn.
the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play is	flute.
one place you hate to see litter is	park.
one place you hate to see litter is	beach.
one place you hate to see litter is	roadside.
one place you hate to see litter is	yard.
one place you hate to see litter is	schoolyard.
one pet that makes a good holiday gift is	dog.
one pet that makes a good holiday gift is	kitten.
one word phrase that includes the word secret is	secret garden.
one word phrase that includes the word secret is	top secret.
one word phrase that includes the word secret is	secret agent.
one word phrase that includes the word secret is	secret admirer/ lover.
one word phrase that includes the word secret is	secret service.
one word phrase that includes the word secret is	secret santa.
one word phrase that includes the word secret is	secret society.
one thing a kid's moustache is often made of is	milk.
one thing a kid's moustache is often made of is	fake hair.
one thing a kid's moustache is often made of is	marker/pen.
one thing a kid's moustache is often made of is	plastic.
one thing a kid's moustache is often made of is	kool aid.
one thing a kid's moustache is often made of is	ketchup.
one thing that can make you look older than your age is	make up.
one thing that can make you look older than your age is	wrinkles.
one thing that can make you look older than your age is	hair style/ color.
one thing that can make you look older than your age is	smoking.
one thing that can make you look older than your age is	clothes.
one thing that can make you look older than your age is	sun.
one thing that can make you look older than your age is	facial hair.
one thing that every movie theatre, fancy or not, has is	consession stand.
one thing that every movie theatre, fancy or not, has is	seats.
one thing that every movie theatre, fancy or not, has is	screen.
one thing that every movie theatre, fancy or not, has is	bathroom.
one thing that every movie theatre, fancy or not, has is	movies.
one thing that every movie theatre, fancy or not, has is	customers.
one song made famous by the beach boys is	california girls.
one song made famous by the beach boys is	surfin usa.
one thing you wish your kids would do without having to be told twice is	clean.
one thing you wish your kids would do without having to be told twice is	homework.
one thing you wish your kids would do without having to be told twice is	go to bed.
one thing you wish your kids would do without having to be told twice is	brush teeth.
one thing you wish your kids would do without having to be told twice is	listen.
one reason that a child might get taken out for ice cream (more specific than "good") is	good grades.
one reason that a child might get taken out for ice cream (more specific than "good") is	birthday.
one reason that a child might get taken out for ice cream (more specific than "good") is	good behavior.
one reason that a child might get taken out for ice cream (more specific than "good") is	upset.
one thing in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working is	tv.
one thing in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working is	refrigerator.
one thing in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working is	toilet.
one thing in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working is	stove.
one thing in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working is	computer.
one thing in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working is	washing machine.
one thing in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working is	phone.
one thing you need to have along for an effective grocery store trip is	shopping trip.
one thing you need to have along for an effective grocery store trip is	money.
one thing you need to have along for an effective grocery store trip is	coupons.
one thing you need to have along for an effective grocery store trip is	cart.
one word that polite people use often is	please.
one word that polite people use often is	thanks.
one word that polite people use often is	pardon/excure me.
one word that polite people use often is	sorry.
one thing a stalker and a detective both do is	spy on people.
one thing a stalker and a detective both do is	follow people.
one thing a stalker and a detective both do is	snoop for info.
one thing a stalker and a detective both do is	take pictures.
one thing you might see at a high school homecoming is	queen.
one thing you might see at a high school homecoming is	balloons.
one thing you might see at a high school homecoming is	float.
one thing you might see at a high school homecoming is	football game.
one thing you might see at a high school homecoming is	dresses.
one thing you might see at a high school homecoming is	limos.
one thing you might see at a high school homecoming is	king.
one thing you would hate to go on a road trip without is	map/ gps.
one thing you would hate to go on a road trip without is	money.
one thing you would hate to go on a road trip without is	snacks.
one thing you would hate to go on a road trip without is	change of clothes.
one thing you would hate to go on a road trip without is	cell phone.
one thing you would hate to go on a road trip without is	family/ friends.
one thing you would hate to go on a road trip without is	music.
one thing thats often served with cheese at a party is	crackers.
one thing thats often served with cheese at a party is	wine.
one thing thats often served with cheese at a party is	bread.
one thing thats often served with cheese at a party is	meat.
one part of the body that often itches is	head.
one part of the body that often itches is	back.
one part of the body that often itches is	nose.
one person who has/had many followers is	jesus.
one person who has/had many followers is	gandhi.
one person who has/had many followers is	president bush.
one person who has/had many followers is	martin luther king, jr..
one person who has/had many followers is	moses.
one person who has/had many followers is	dalai lama.
one job where you get to play with dolls all day is	toy store.
one job where you get to play with dolls all day is	toy maker.
one job where you get to play with dolls all day is	child care.
one job where you get to play with dolls all day is	puppeteer.
one thing you can buy in a cordless version is	telephone.
one thing you can buy in a cordless version is	shaver.
one thing you can buy in a cordless version is	drill.
one thing you can buy in a cordless version is	screwdriver.
one thing people want for christmas, that can't be put in a box is	car.
one thing people want for christmas, that can't be put in a box is	love.
one thing people want for christmas, that can't be put in a box is	bike.
one thing people want for christmas, that can't be put in a box is	pet.
one thing people want for christmas, that can't be put in a box is	house.
one thing people want for christmas, that can't be put in a box is	world peace.
one thing you'd find on a cruise ship, but not on a regular boat is	pool.
one thing you'd find on a cruise ship, but not on a regular boat is	bar/restaurant.
one thing you'd find on a cruise ship, but not on a regular boat is	casino.
one thing you'd find on a cruise ship, but not on a regular boat is	beds.
one thing you'd find on a cruise ship, but not on a regular boat is	entertainment.
one thing you'd find on a cruise ship, but not on a regular boat is	staff.
one cartoon character who never seems to get any older is	mickey mouse.
one cartoon character who never seems to get any older is	charlie brown.
one cartoon character who never seems to get any older is	bart simpson.
one cartoon character who never seems to get any older is	bugs bunny.
one cartoon character who never seems to get any older is	dennis the menace.
one cartoon character who never seems to get any older is	lisa simpson.
one cartoon character who never seems to get any older is	scooby doo.
one thing at a playground that you'd never go on while queasy is	merry go round.
one thing at a playground that you'd never go on while queasy is	swing.
one thing at a playground that you'd never go on while queasy is	see saw.
one thing at a playground that you'd never go on while queasy is	slide.
one thing a woman might wish her husband had more of is	money.
one thing a woman might wish her husband had more of is	hair.
one thing a woman might wish her husband had more of is	time.
one thing a woman might wish her husband had more of is	muscles.
one thing a woman might wish her husband had more of is	love.
one thing a woman might wish her husband had more of is	energy.
one thing a woman might wish her husband had more of is	patience.
one reason why one person might miss their exit while driving on a freeway is	not paying attention.
one reason why one person might miss their exit while driving on a freeway is	busy talking.
one reason why one person might miss their exit while driving on a freeway is	cell phone.
one reason why one person might miss their exit while driving on a freeway is	speeding.
one reason why one person might miss their exit while driving on a freeway is	radio is on.
one reason why one person might miss their exit while driving on a freeway is	in the wrong lane.
one reason why one person might miss their exit while driving on a freeway is	weather.
one thing you find more of at a sporting event than at a movie theater is	beer.
one thing you find more of at a sporting event than at a movie theater is	fans.
one thing you find more of at a sporting event than at a movie theater is	hot dogs.
one thing you find more of at a sporting event than at a movie theater is	yelling.
one thing a person on a diet might eat for breakfast is	fruit.
one thing a person on a diet might eat for breakfast is	yogurt.
one thing a person on a diet might eat for breakfast is	dry toast.
one thing a person on a diet might eat for breakfast is	cereal.
one thing a person on a diet might eat for breakfast is	slim fast.
one thing a person on a diet might eat for breakfast is	bran muffins.
one thing a person on a diet might eat for breakfast is	breakfast bar.
one article of clothing that makes you feel like you cant move is	coat.
one article of clothing that makes you feel like you cant move is	jeans.
one article of clothing that makes you feel like you cant move is	girdle.
one article of clothing that makes you feel like you cant move is	tights.
one article of clothing that makes you feel like you cant move is	snowsuit.
one thing a bartender does with a customer whos had too much to drink is	cut them off.
one thing a bartender does with a customer whos had too much to drink is	call a cab.
one thing a bartender does with a customer whos had too much to drink is	take their keys.
one thing a bartender does with a customer whos had too much to drink is	kick them out.
one thing people do on ice is	skate.
one thing people do on ice is	play hockey.
one thing people do on ice is	fall down.
one thing people do on ice is	ice fish.
one thing people do on ice is	walk.
one thing you can do on even the oldest of computers is	word processing.
one thing you can do on even the oldest of computers is	e mail.
one thing you can do on even the oldest of computers is	print.
one thing you can do on even the oldest of computers is	play solitaire.
one thing you can do on even the oldest of computers is	use calculator.
one occupation in which people often use their middle name or initial is	doctor.
one occupation in which people often use their middle name or initial is	lawyer.
one occupation in which people often use their middle name or initial is	actor.
one occupation in which people often use their middle name or initial is	politician.
one occupation in which people often use their middle name or initial is	author.
one type of crisis that usually happens at least once in an action movie is	violent crime.
one type of crisis that usually happens at least once in an action movie is	explosion/ fire.
one type of crisis that usually happens at least once in an action movie is	kidnapping.
one type of crisis that usually happens at least once in an action movie is	car crash/ chase.
one type of crisis that usually happens at least once in an action movie is	fight.
one thing a grown man might be embarrassed to admit that he collects is	dolls.
one thing a grown man might be embarrassed to admit that he collects is	stamps.
one thing a grown man might be embarrassed to admit that he collects is	action figures.
one thing a grown man might be embarrassed to admit that he collects is	baseball cards.
one thing a grown man might be embarrassed to admit that he collects is	comic books.
one thing a grown man might be embarrassed to admit that he collects is	stuffed animals.
one thing a teenager couldnt live without is	cell phone.
one thing a teenager couldnt live without is	computer.
one thing a teenager couldnt live without is	car.
one thing a teenager couldnt live without is	music.
one thing a teenager couldnt live without is	tv.
one thing a teenager couldnt live without is	money.
one thing a teenager couldnt live without is	clothes.
one activity some men do with their buddies where wives aren't invited is	play poker.
one activity some men do with their buddies where wives aren't invited is	go to bar.
one activity some men do with their buddies where wives aren't invited is	watch sports.
one activity some men do with their buddies where wives aren't invited is	golf outing.
one activity some men do with their buddies where wives aren't invited is	bachelor party.
one thing fierce animals have that makes them threatening is	sharp teeth.
one thing fierce animals have that makes them threatening is	claws.
one thing fierce animals have that makes them threatening is	roar.
one thing fierce animals have that makes them threatening is	horns.
one thing fierce animals have that makes them threatening is	venom.
one thing from school that a kid might try to hide from their parents is	report card/grades.
one thing from school that a kid might try to hide from their parents is	note from teacher.
one thing from school that a kid might try to hide from their parents is	homework.
one thing from school that a kid might try to hide from their parents is	detention/discipline.
one movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book is	harry potter.
one movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book is	twilight.
one movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book is	the shining.
one movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book is	lord of the rings.
one movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book is	color purple.
one movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book is	gone with the wind.
one movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book is	hitchhikers guide.
one thing you usually do indoors but might do outdoors when camping is	sleep.
one thing you usually do indoors but might do outdoors when camping is	cook.
one thing you usually do indoors but might do outdoors when camping is	eat.
one thing you usually do indoors but might do outdoors when camping is	use bathroom.
one thing womens magazines give advice on is	intimacy.
one thing womens magazines give advice on is	romantic relationships.
one thing womens magazines give advice on is	makeup.
one thing womens magazines give advice on is	hair.
one thing womens magazines give advice on is	keeping fit.
one thing womens magazines give advice on is	fashion.
one thing people write about in their yearly christmas letter to loved ones is	family.
one thing people write about in their yearly christmas letter to loved ones is	greetings.
one thing people write about in their yearly christmas letter to loved ones is	career.
one thing people write about in their yearly christmas letter to loved ones is	health.
one place in your house that you hardly go into is	attic.
one place in your house that you hardly go into is	basement.
one place in your house that you hardly go into is	closet.
one place in your house that you hardly go into is	garage.
one thing children might get rewarded for is	good grades.
one thing children might get rewarded for is	chores.
one thing children might get rewarded for is	good behavior.
one thing children might get rewarded for is	using the toilet.
one game you played in gym class but doesn't offer much exercise is	dodgeball.
one game you played in gym class but doesn't offer much exercise is	tag.
one game you played in gym class but doesn't offer much exercise is	volleyball.
one game you played in gym class but doesn't offer much exercise is	duck duck goose.
one game you played in gym class but doesn't offer much exercise is	ping pong.
one game you played in gym class but doesn't offer much exercise is	bowling.
one thing a bankrobber wants to get rid of quickly, so it isn't used as evidence is	weapon.
one thing a bankrobber wants to get rid of quickly, so it isn't used as evidence is	mask.
one thing a bankrobber wants to get rid of quickly, so it isn't used as evidence is	car.
one thing a bankrobber wants to get rid of quickly, so it isn't used as evidence is	bags of money.
one thing a bankrobber wants to get rid of quickly, so it isn't used as evidence is	gloves.
one kind of beam you wouldn't want to balance on is	light/sun beam.
one kind of beam you wouldn't want to balance on is	laser beam.
one kind of beam you wouldn't want to balance on is	roof beam.
one kind of beam you wouldn't want to balance on is	jim beam.
one thing you try to get rid of that always seems to come back is	pimple.
one thing you try to get rid of that always seems to come back is	men.
one thing you try to get rid of that always seems to come back is	bugs.
one thing you try to get rid of that always seems to come back is	cold.
one thing you try to get rid of that always seems to come back is	boomerang.
one thing you try to get rid of that always seems to come back is	bad headache.
one thing you try to get rid of that always seems to come back is	bad habit.
one thing a person running from the law might not put on their social networking site is	real name.
one thing a person running from the law might not put on their social networking site is	address.
one thing a person running from the law might not put on their social networking site is	picture.
one thing a person running from the law might not put on their social networking site is	phone number.
one thing you'd expect to see in a boardroom meeting is	conference table.
one thing you'd expect to see in a boardroom meeting is	executives.
one thing you'd expect to see in a boardroom meeting is	office chairs.
one thing you'd expect to see in a boardroom meeting is	charts/presentation.
one thing you'd expect to see in a boardroom meeting is	coffee/donuts.
one thing you'd expect to see in a boardroom meeting is	computers/phones.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of heights is	window washer.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of heights is	pilot/flight attendant.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of heights is	construction worker.
one bad job for one person who's afraid of heights is	firefighter.
one specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue is	court.
one specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue is	place of worship.
one specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue is	work.
one specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue is	home.
one specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue is	police.
one specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue is	school.
one specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue is	store.
one thing in your house that you might hear in the middle of the night and mistake for a burglar is	pet.
one thing in your house that you might hear in the middle of the night and mistake for a burglar is	refrigerator.
one thing in your house that you might hear in the middle of the night and mistake for a burglar is	creaky door/window.
one thing in your house that you might hear in the middle of the night and mistake for a burglar is	another person.
one fictional character with two identities is	superman.
one fictional character with two identities is	jekyll & hyde.
one fictional character with two identities is	batman.
one fictional character with two identities is	spiderman.
one fictional character with two identities is	hulk.
one thing a telemarketer tries to sell you is	insurance.
one thing a telemarketer tries to sell you is	books.
one thing a telemarketer tries to sell you is	timeshare.
one thing a telemarketer tries to sell you is	vacations.
one thing a telemarketer tries to sell you is	phone services.
one thing a telemarketer tries to sell you is	credit card.
one thing some women spend a lot of money on just to look good is	makeup.
one thing some women spend a lot of money on just to look good is	hair.
one thing some women spend a lot of money on just to look good is	clothes.
one thing some women spend a lot of money on just to look good is	nails.
one thing some women spend a lot of money on just to look good is	plastic surgery.
one thing some women spend a lot of money on just to look good is	gym.
one thing that no wedding ceremony should be without is	bride.
one thing that no wedding ceremony should be without is	minister.
one thing that no wedding ceremony should be without is	rings.
one thing that no wedding ceremony should be without is	music.
one thing that no wedding ceremony should be without is	flowers.
one thing that no wedding ceremony should be without is	groom.
one thing that no wedding ceremony should be without is	vows.
one thing a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying is	straw.
one thing a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying is	change.
one thing a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying is	napkins.
one thing a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying is	ketchup.
one thing a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying is	food.
one thing a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying is	drink.
one thing a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying is	receipt.
one thing specific you might have insured is	car.
one thing specific you might have insured is	house.
one thing specific you might have insured is	jewelry.
one thing specific you might have insured is	life.
one thing specific you might have insured is	art.
one thing specific you might have insured is	cell phone.
one thing specific you might have insured is	computer.
one thing that parent of a baby is constantly listening for is	crying.
one thing that parent of a baby is constantly listening for is	breathing.
one thing that parent of a baby is constantly listening for is	first words.
one thing that happens to most people but not to santa claus is	death.
one thing that happens to most people but not to santa claus is	get old.
one thing that happens to most people but not to santa claus is	traffic problems.
one thing that happens to most people but not to santa claus is	weight loss.
one thing that happens to most people but not to santa claus is	taxation.
one thing from the laundry that's impossible to fold neatly is	fitted sheets.
one thing from the laundry that's impossible to fold neatly is	socks.
one thing from the laundry that's impossible to fold neatly is	underwear.
one thing from the laundry that's impossible to fold neatly is	blouse.
one thing a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket is	use coupons.
one thing a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket is	talk.
one thing a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket is	write check.
one thing a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket is	price check.
one thing a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket is	count change.
one thing a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket is	read magazines.
one thing a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket is	buy too many items.
one place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink is	place of worship.
one place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink is	work.
one place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink is	police station.
one place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink is	home.
one place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink is	parents' house.
one place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink is	in laws' house.
one place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink is	court.
one thing that a person might consume every morning in order to stay healthy is	vitamins.
one thing that a person might consume every morning in order to stay healthy is	milk.
one thing that a person might consume every morning in order to stay healthy is	fruit.
one thing that a person might consume every morning in order to stay healthy is	orange juice.
one thing you'd buy for your daughter's barbie doll, but probably not for your daughter is	skimpy clothes.
one thing you'd buy for your daughter's barbie doll, but probably not for your daughter is	car.
one thing you'd buy for your daughter's barbie doll, but probably not for your daughter is	dream house.
one thing you'd buy for your daughter's barbie doll, but probably not for your daughter is	ken/friends.
one thing you shouldnt do after getting a manicure is	wash hands.
one thing you shouldnt do after getting a manicure is	wash dishes.
one thing you shouldnt do after getting a manicure is	drive.
one thing you shouldnt do after getting a manicure is	touch anything.
one thing you shouldnt do after getting a manicure is	eat.
one brand of car that's made in america is	ford.
one brand of car that's made in america is	chevrolet.
one brand of car that's made in america is	cadilac.
one brand of car that's made in america is	buick.
one brand of car that's made in america is	chrysler.
one brand of car that's made in america is	jeep.
one thing a woman would hate to have the same as one person else is	outfit.
one thing a woman would hate to have the same as one person else is	man.
one thing a woman would hate to have the same as one person else is	hairstyle.
one thing a woman would hate to have the same as one person else is	purse.
one animal with sharp teeth is	shark.
one animal with sharp teeth is	tiger.
one animal with sharp teeth is	lion.
one animal with sharp teeth is	dog.
one animal with sharp teeth is	bear.
one animal with sharp teeth is	wolf.
one animal with sharp teeth is	cat.
one job where you might have your name on the front of your shirt is	food server.
one job where you might have your name on the front of your shirt is	salesperson.
one job where you might have your name on the front of your shirt is	doctor.
one job where you might have your name on the front of your shirt is	mechanic.
one job where you might have your name on the front of your shirt is	nurse.
one job where you might have your name on the front of your shirt is	police officer.
one thing you put on a chicago style hotdog is	mustard.
one thing you put on a chicago style hotdog is	reslish.
one thing you put on a chicago style hotdog is	onion.
one thing you put on a chicago style hotdog is	tomato.
one thing you put on a chicago style hotdog is	sauerkraut.
one thing you put on a chicago style hotdog is	cheese.
one thing oprah winfrey has that the average woman admires is	money.
one thing oprah winfrey has that the average woman admires is	talk show.
one thing oprah winfrey has that the average woman admires is	self esteem.
one thing oprah winfrey has that the average woman admires is	charisma.
one thing oprah winfrey has that the average woman admires is	style.
one game you need dice to play is	monopoly.
one game you need dice to play is	yatzee.
one game you need dice to play is	craps.
one game you need dice to play is	dungeos & dragons.
one place in their home that people hide money is	under mattress.
one place in their home that people hide money is	dresser drawer.
one place in their home that people hide money is	cookie jar.
one place in their home that people hide money is	closet.
one place in their home that people hide money is	freezer.
one animal that weighs a lot is	elephant.
one animal that weighs a lot is	whale.
one animal that weighs a lot is	bear.
one animal that weighs a lot is	hippopotamous.
one animal that weighs a lot is	lion.
one animal that weighs a lot is	rhinoceros.
one thing a school wastebasket is probably full of is	paper.
one thing a school wastebasket is probably full of is	gum.
one thing a school wastebasket is probably full of is	food wrappers.
one thing a school wastebasket is probably full of is	pencil shavings.
one game a family plays at an annual holiday gathering is	charades.
one game a family plays at an annual holiday gathering is	pictionary.
one thing in a persons house a burglar wouldnt want to steal is	pet.
one thing in a persons house a burglar wouldnt want to steal is	food.
one thing in a persons house a burglar wouldnt want to steal is	underwear.
one thing in a persons house a burglar wouldnt want to steal is	laundry.
one thing in a persons house a burglar wouldnt want to steal is	trash.
one thing that farmers 100 years ago did by hand, but now do with machines is	plow the field.
one thing that farmers 100 years ago did by hand, but now do with machines is	plant seeds.
one thing that farmers 100 years ago did by hand, but now do with machines is	milk cows.
one thing that farmers 100 years ago did by hand, but now do with machines is	harvest crops.
one thing that farmers 100 years ago did by hand, but now do with machines is	water crops.
one famous movie monster you might see in a black and white film is	godzilla.
one famous movie monster you might see in a black and white film is	king kong.
one famous movie monster you might see in a black and white film is	dracula.
one animal that a person can be referred to as is	dog.
one animal that a person can be referred to as is	pig.
one animal that a person can be referred to as is	tiger.
one animal that a person can be referred to as is	bear.
one animal that a person can be referred to as is	fox.
one animal that a person can be referred to as is	cow.
one animal that a person can be referred to as is	kitten.
one thing a plane can't fly without is	wings.
one thing a plane can't fly without is	engine.
one thing a plane can't fly without is	fuel.
one thing a plane can't fly without is	tail.
one thing a plane can't fly without is	rudder.
one high school subject kids might take to get an easy "a" is	gym/health.
one high school subject kids might take to get an easy "a" is	home economics.
one high school subject kids might take to get an easy "a" is	art.
one high school subject kids might take to get an easy "a" is	wood shop.
one thing you see at a wwe match you'd never see at a high school wresting match is	blood.
one thing you see at a wwe match you'd never see at a high school wresting match is	violence.
one thing you see at a wwe match you'd never see at a high school wresting match is	characters.
one thing you see at a wwe match you'd never see at a high school wresting match is	costumes.
one thing you see at a wwe match you'd never see at a high school wresting match is	throwing chairs.
one part on a car most people would replace themselves is	tire.
one part on a car most people would replace themselves is	lightbulb.
one part on a car most people would replace themselves is	windshield wipers.
one part on a car most people would replace themselves is	spark plugs.
one part on a car most people would replace themselves is	battery.
one part on a car most people would replace themselves is	air filter.
one thing drivers often do if they spot a police car up ahead is	slow down.
one thing drivers often do if they spot a police car up ahead is	move over.
one thing drivers often do if they spot a police car up ahead is	put seatbelt on.
one thing that you might find around a pool is	lounge chair.
one thing that you might find around a pool is	puddles.
one thing that you might find around a pool is	towels.
one thing that you might find around a pool is	swimmers.
one thing that you might find around a pool is	fence.
one thing that you might find around a pool is	lifeguard.
one thing that you might find around a pool is	diving board.
one product door-to-door salesman used to sell is	vacuum cleaner.
one product door-to-door salesman used to sell is	cosmetics.
one product door-to-door salesman used to sell is	encyclopedia.
one product door-to-door salesman used to sell is	bible.
one product door-to-door salesman used to sell is	knives.
one thing a patient in a hospital might have trouble doing on his own is	bathroom.
one thing a patient in a hospital might have trouble doing on his own is	walking.
one thing a patient in a hospital might have trouble doing on his own is	bathing.
one thing a patient in a hospital might have trouble doing on his own is	get out of bed.
one thing a patient in a hospital might have trouble doing on his own is	eating.
one thing a patient in a hospital might have trouble doing on his own is	breath.
one kind of pants you cant wear to work is	jeans.
one kind of pants you cant wear to work is	sweats.
one kind of pants you cant wear to work is	leather.
one kind of pants you cant wear to work is	stretch pants.
one kind of pants you cant wear to work is	pajama pants.
one recreational activity traditionally don in hot weather is	swimming.
one recreational activity traditionally don in hot weather is	baseball.
one recreational activity traditionally don in hot weather is	volleyball.
one recreational activity traditionally don in hot weather is	surfing.
one recreational activity traditionally don in hot weather is	boating.
one thing thats not allowed in some hotels is	pets.
one thing thats not allowed in some hotels is	smoking.
one thing thats not allowed in some hotels is	children.
one word you might see before or after the word "wax" is	earwax.
one word you might see before or after the word "wax" is	carwax.
one word you might see before or after the word "wax" is	beeswax.
one word you might see before or after the word "wax" is	wax museum.
one word you might see before or after the word "wax" is	hot wax.
one word you might see before or after the word "wax" is	wax paper.
one word you might see before or after the word "wax" is	candle wax.
one thing kids get in trouble for throwing is	food.
one thing kids get in trouble for throwing is	football/baseball.
one thing kids get in trouble for throwing is	snowballs.
one thing kids get in trouble for throwing is	stones.
one thing kids get in trouble for throwing is	tantrum.
one thing kids get in trouble for throwing is	spitballs.
one thing in cars now that you cant believe people once went without is	stereo.
one thing in cars now that you cant believe people once went without is	gps.
one thing in cars now that you cant believe people once went without is	air conditioning.
one thing in cars now that you cant believe people once went without is	seat belts.
one thing in cars now that you cant believe people once went without is	air bags.
one drink that you might stir is	coffee.
one drink that you might stir is	tea.
one drink that you might stir is	martini.
one drink that you might stir is	chocolate milk.
one drink that you might stir is	kool aid.
one color some men never wear is	pink.
one color some men never wear is	purple.
one color some men never wear is	yellow.
one color some men never wear is	red.
one thing specific a child might do in a store to make mom mad is	have a temper tantrum.
one thing specific a child might do in a store to make mom mad is	run around.
one thing specific a child might do in a store to make mom mad is	cry.
one thing specific a child might do in a store to make mom mad is	eat candy.
one thing specific a child might do in a store to make mom mad is	scream.
one thing specific a child might do in a store to make mom mad is	hide.
one specific chore kids do in order to get an allowance is	wash dishes.
one specific chore kids do in order to get an allowance is	take out trash.
one specific chore kids do in order to get an allowance is	clean room.
one specific chore kids do in order to get an allowance is	mow lawn.
one popular children's food that's sold in cups is	jell o.
one popular children's food that's sold in cups is	ice cream.
one popular children's food that's sold in cups is	fruit.
one popular children's food that's sold in cups is	yogurt.
one popular children's food that's sold in cups is	apple sauce.
one popular children's food that's sold in cups is	mac & cheese.
one thing in a person's house that's left on all night is	night light.
one thing in a person's house that's left on all night is	refrigerator.
one thing in a person's house that's left on all night is	alarm clock.
one thing in a person's house that's left on all night is	central air.
one thing in a person's house that's left on all night is	tv.
one thing in a person's house that's left on all night is	radio.
one thing in a person's house that's left on all night is	computer.
one thing that you can tell is fake in a cheesy movie is	blood.
one thing that you can tell is fake in a cheesy movie is	love scenes.
one thing that you can tell is fake in a cheesy movie is	scenery.
one thing that you can tell is fake in a cheesy movie is	acting.
one thing that you can tell is fake in a cheesy movie is	monsters.
one thing that you can tell is fake in a cheesy movie is	fight scenes.
one thing that stars do during a divorce that you wouldnt do is	fight.
one thing that stars do during a divorce that you wouldnt do is	party.
one thing that stars do during a divorce that you wouldnt do is	date right away.
one thing that stars do during a divorce that you wouldnt do is	go public.
one thing that stars do during a divorce that you wouldnt do is	sue for large sums.
one person in your life who loves you unconditionally is	mother.
one person in your life who loves you unconditionally is	dog.
one person in your life who loves you unconditionally is	partner.
one person in your life who loves you unconditionally is	kids.
one thing college freshmen have to start sharing when they live in the dorms is	bathroom.
one thing college freshmen have to start sharing when they live in the dorms is	their room.
one thing college freshmen have to start sharing when they live in the dorms is	refrigerator.
one thing college freshmen have to start sharing when they live in the dorms is	textbooks.
one thing dogs are trained to find is	illegal substance.
one thing dogs are trained to find is	criminals.
one thing dogs are trained to find is	bones.
one thing dogs are trained to find is	missing people.
one thing dogs are trained to find is	birds.
one movie with the word "dr" in the title is	doctor doolittle.
one movie with the word "dr" in the title is	doctor zhivago.
one movie with the word "dr" in the title is	doctor who.
one movie with the word "dr" in the title is	dr. no.
one movie with the word "dr" in the title is	dr. jekyll/mr. hyde.
one thing romantic you hope to still do with your partner when youre is	kiss.
one thing romantic you hope to still do with your partner when youre is	hold hands.
one thing romantic you hope to still do with your partner when youre is	intimacy.
one thing romantic you hope to still do with your partner when youre is	dance.
one thing romantic you hope to still do with your partner when youre is	go on dates.
one thing romantic you hope to still do with your partner when youre is	take walks.
one thing your likely to find at a fall harvest fair is	pumpkins.
one thing your likely to find at a fall harvest fair is	corn.
one thing your likely to find at a fall harvest fair is	leaves.
one thing your likely to find at a fall harvest fair is	apples.
one thing your likely to find at a fall harvest fair is	people.
one thing your likely to find at a fall harvest fair is	hay rides.
one thing you would hate to be wearing when company is	robe/pajamas.
one thing you would hate to be wearing when company is	underwear.
one thing you would hate to be wearing when company is	towel.
one thing you would hate to be wearing when company is	birthday suit.
one type of party that's bound to get a little out of hand is	bachelor(ette) party.
one type of party that's bound to get a little out of hand is	college/frat party.
one type of party that's bound to get a little out of hand is	house party.
one type of party that's bound to get a little out of hand is	new years eve.
one type of party that's bound to get a little out of hand is	haloween/costume.
one thing specific a married couple might take turns doing is	dishes.
one thing specific a married couple might take turns doing is	cooking.
one thing specific a married couple might take turns doing is	laundry.
one thing specific a married couple might take turns doing is	watching kids.
one thing specific a married couple might take turns doing is	driving.
one specific place where parents go to get away from the kids for a while is	to bed.
one specific place where parents go to get away from the kids for a while is	to a bar.
one specific place where parents go to get away from the kids for a while is	to a movie.
one specific place where parents go to get away from the kids for a while is	on vacation.
one specific place where parents go to get away from the kids for a while is	to a hotel.
one specific place where parents go to get away from the kids for a while is	out for dinner.
one thing that an overprotective parent might forbid their teen from doing is	dating.
one thing that an overprotective parent might forbid their teen from doing is	driving.
one thing that an overprotective parent might forbid their teen from doing is	playing sports.
one thing that an overprotective parent might forbid their teen from doing is	staying out late.
one person big bird might invite to his birthday party is	snuffleupagus.
one person big bird might invite to his birthday party is	oscar the grouch.
one person big bird might invite to his birthday party is	elmo.
one person big bird might invite to his birthday party is	cookie monster.
one person big bird might invite to his birthday party is	kermit the frog.
one person big bird might invite to his birthday party is	ernie.
one person big bird might invite to his birthday party is	gordon.
one thing people do to save energy around the house is	turn off lights.
one thing people do to save energy around the house is	set thermostat low.
one thing people do to save energy around the house is	use less a/c.
one thing people do to save energy around the house is	efficient bulbs.
one thing people do to save energy around the house is	unplug electronics.
one thing you dread doing after a snowfall is	shoveling.
one thing you dread doing after a snowfall is	driving.
one thing you dread doing after a snowfall is	leaving the house.
one thing you dread doing after a snowfall is	walking.
one thing a pet might do to its owners shoes is	chew/bite them.
one thing a pet might do to its owners shoes is	relieve thenselves.
one thing a pet might do to its owners shoes is	hide them.
one thing a pet might do to its owners shoes is	drool/lick them.
one thing a pet might do to its owners shoes is	smell them.
one club a high school student might belong to is	glee club.
one club a high school student might belong to is	chess club.
one club a high school student might belong to is	debate club.
one club a high school student might belong to is	drama.
one club a high school student might belong to is	art.
one club a high school student might belong to is	foreign language.
one person in your life who you hope never writes a tell-all book is	parent.
one person in your life who you hope never writes a tell-all book is	significant other.
one person in your life who you hope never writes a tell-all book is	ex.
one person in your life who you hope never writes a tell-all book is	best friend.
one person in your life who you hope never writes a tell-all book is	sibling.
one person in your life who you hope never writes a tell-all book is	son/daughter.
one position played in baseball game is	pitcher.
one position played in baseball game is	catcher.
one position played in baseball game is	shortstop.
one position played in baseball game is	first base.
one position played in baseball game is	batter.
one position played in baseball game is	outfield.
one place that, once you enter, it's hard to leave is	bar.
one place that, once you enter, it's hard to leave is	mall.
one place that, once you enter, it's hard to leave is	jail.
one place that, once you enter, it's hard to leave is	casino.
one place that, once you enter, it's hard to leave is	church.
one place that, once you enter, it's hard to leave is	party.
one occasion where parents force their child to wear a certain outfit is	wedding.
one occasion where parents force their child to wear a certain outfit is	easter.
one occasion where parents force their child to wear a certain outfit is	halloween.
one occasion where parents force their child to wear a certain outfit is	church.
one occasion where parents force their child to wear a certain outfit is	christmas.
one occasion where parents force their child to wear a certain outfit is	school picture day.
one thing that would keep you from snuggling up to your spouse in bed is	sick.
one thing that would keep you from snuggling up to your spouse in bed is	snoring.
one thing that would keep you from snuggling up to your spouse in bed is	gas.
one thing that would keep you from snuggling up to your spouse in bed is	cold feet.
one thing that would keep you from snuggling up to your spouse in bed is	body odor.
one thing donald trump probably keeps with him at all times is	wallet.
one thing donald trump probably keeps with him at all times is	cell phone.
one job in which youd stand in one place all day is	store clerk.
one job in which youd stand in one place all day is	bank teller.
one job in which youd stand in one place all day is	security guard.
one job in which youd stand in one place all day is	toll collecter.
one job in which youd stand in one place all day is	factory worker.
one person you might call if you thought your house was haunted is	priest.
one person you might call if you thought your house was haunted is	exorcist.
one person you might call if you thought your house was haunted is	ghost busters.
one person you might call if you thought your house was haunted is	psychic.
one person you might call if you thought your house was haunted is	movers.
one person you might call if you thought your house was haunted is	police.
one scent you'd smell in a barn is	manure.
one scent you'd smell in a barn is	hay.
one scent you'd smell in a barn is	horses/animals.
one scent you'd smell in a barn is	oil/gasoline.
one thing you can get from your parents, but you can change as an adult is	name.
one thing you can get from your parents, but you can change as an adult is	hair color.
one thing you can get from your parents, but you can change as an adult is	economic status.
one thing you can get from your parents, but you can change as an adult is	attitude.
one thing you can get from your parents, but you can change as an adult is	nose.
one thing you can get from your parents, but you can change as an adult is	religion.
one thing you wish you had in your backyard is	swimming pool.
one thing you wish you had in your backyard is	garden.
one thing you wish you had in your backyard is	playground.
one thing you wish you had in your backyard is	hot tub.
one thing you wish you had in your backyard is	pond.
one thing people do to their hair that makes them look silly is	dye it.
one thing people do to their hair that makes them look silly is	mohawk.
one movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator is	freddy krueger.
one movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator is	hannibal lector.
one movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator is	jason.
one movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator is	dracula.
one movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator is	daffy duck.
one movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator is	darth vader.
one movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator is	pee wee herman.
one thing that is different about writing a research paper on a computer than on a typewriter is	faster editing.
one thing that is different about writing a research paper on a computer than on a typewriter is	spell check.
one thing that is different about writing a research paper on a computer than on a typewriter is	printing.
one thing that is different about writing a research paper on a computer than on a typewriter is	nternet access.
one thing that is different about writing a research paper on a computer than on a typewriter is	quieter.
one thing that is different about writing a research paper on a computer than on a typewriter is	screen.
one way you might be able to tell what one person just had for lunch is	breath.
one way you might be able to tell what one person just had for lunch is	burp.
one way you might be able to tell what one person just had for lunch is	stains.
one way you might be able to tell what one person just had for lunch is	crumbs on teeth.
one way you might be able to tell what one person just had for lunch is	they vomit.
one snack that goes great with coffee is	donuts.
one snack that goes great with coffee is	bagel.
one thing that can go wrong during a first kiss with one person is	bad breath.
one thing that can go wrong during a first kiss with one person is	miss their mouth.
one thing that can go wrong during a first kiss with one person is	bump nose/ head.
one thing that can go wrong during a first kiss with one person is	cough.
one thing that can go wrong during a first kiss with one person is	sneeze.
one thing that can go wrong during a first kiss with one person is	burp.
one thing that can go wrong during a first kiss with one person is	bite up.
one thing a baby learns to do even before it can talk is	crawl.
one thing a baby learns to do even before it can talk is	walk.
one thing a baby learns to do even before it can talk is	eating junk.
one thing a baby learns to do even before it can talk is	cry.
one thing a baby learns to do even before it can talk is	smile.
one character in the wizard of oz that would require the most elaborate costume is	tin man.
one character in the wizard of oz that would require the most elaborate costume is	lion.
one character in the wizard of oz that would require the most elaborate costume is	scarecrow.
one character in the wizard of oz that would require the most elaborate costume is	wicked witch.
one character in the wizard of oz that would require the most elaborate costume is	dorthy.
one thing youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself is	cook.
one thing youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself is	clean.
one thing youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself is	style her hair.
one thing youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself is	drive.
one thing youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself is	laundry.
one thing youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself is	make up.
one thing youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself is	shop.
one dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party is	ice cream.
one dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party is	jell o.
one dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party is	cookies.
one dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party is	brownies.
one dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party is	pie.
one dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party is	cupcakes.
one dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party is	donuts.
one topic most men can't stand, but women could discuss for hours is	shopping.
one topic most men can't stand, but women could discuss for hours is	clothes.
one topic most men can't stand, but women could discuss for hours is	soap operas.
one topic most men can't stand, but women could discuss for hours is	men.
one topic most men can't stand, but women could discuss for hours is	hair.
one food that's made from corn is	popcorn.
one food that's made from corn is	corn bread.
one food that's made from corn is	tortillas/chips.
one food that's made from corn is	cornflakes/cereal.
one food that's made from corn is	grits.
one thing a child might sleep with is	teddy bear.
one thing a child might sleep with is	blanket.
one thing a child might sleep with is	pillow.
one thing a child might sleep with is	parents.
one thing a child might sleep with is	doll.
one thing a child might sleep with is	night light.
one thing a child might sleep with is	pacifier.
one thing that a pill bottle warning might tell you not to do is	drive/heavy equipment.
one thing that a pill bottle warning might tell you not to do is	drink.
one thing that a pill bottle warning might tell you not to do is	overdose.
one thing that a pill bottle warning might tell you not to do is	take without eating.
one thing thats dangerous to do onehanded is	drive.
one thing thats dangerous to do onehanded is	cook.
one thing thats dangerous to do onehanded is	ride a bike.
one thing thats dangerous to do onehanded is	cut/carve.
one thing thats dangerous to do onehanded is	swim.
one thing thats dangerous to do onehanded is	use tools.
one good place to put your hands while kissing one person is	their face.
one good place to put your hands while kissing one person is	around their neck.
one good place to put your hands while kissing one person is	their hips.
one good place to put your hands while kissing one person is	their back.
one good place to put your hands while kissing one person is	their shoulders.
one game in which small children have an advantage over adults is	hide and seek.
one game in which small children have an advantage over adults is	tag.
one game in which small children have an advantage over adults is	twister.
one game in which small children have an advantage over adults is	limbo.
one characteristic of a pub that you wouldn't want for your home is	drunk people.
one characteristic of a pub that you wouldn't want for your home is	smoke.
one characteristic of a pub that you wouldn't want for your home is	loud.
one characteristic of a pub that you wouldn't want for your home is	dark.
one characteristic of a pub that you wouldn't want for your home is	fights.
one characteristic of a pub that you wouldn't want for your home is	crowded.
one reason why a child might not want long hair is	hot.
one reason why a child might not want long hair is	tangles.
one reason why a child might not want long hair is	looks like a girl.
one reason why a child might not want long hair is	hard to wash.
one reason why a child might not want long hair is	in their eyes.
the age at which a man may get thick around the middle is	30.
the age at which a man may get thick around the middle is	35.
the age at which a man may get thick around the middle is	40.
the age at which a man may get thick around the middle is	45.
the age at which a man may get thick around the middle is	50.
one reason why you wouldn't want metallica as your wedding band is	too loud.
one reason why you wouldn't want metallica as your wedding band is	not romantic.
one reason why you wouldn't want metallica as your wedding band is	too expensive.
one reason why you wouldn't want metallica as your wedding band is	parents disapprove.
one thing that gets delivered to your door is	mail.
one thing that gets delivered to your door is	pizza.
one thing that gets delivered to your door is	newspaper.
one thing that gets delivered to your door is	package.
one thing that gets delivered to your door is	flowers.
one thing that gets delivered to your door is	milk.
one person who could show up in a will that would be a big surprise to the deceased's family is	mistress/lover.
one person who could show up in a will that would be a big surprise to the deceased's family is	ex.
one person who could show up in a will that would be a big surprise to the deceased's family is	pet.
one person who could show up in a will that would be a big surprise to the deceased's family is	unknown child.
one thing you can test in the store before buying it is	perfume.
one thing you can test in the store before buying it is	tv.
one thing you can test in the store before buying it is	clothes/shoes.
one thing you can test in the store before buying it is	computer.
one thing you can test in the store before buying it is	cd.
one food parents are afraid to give their children due to its messiness is	pasta.
one food parents are afraid to give their children due to its messiness is	ice cream.
one food parents are afraid to give their children due to its messiness is	chocolate/ desserts.
one food parents are afraid to give their children due to its messiness is	sloppy joe.
one food parents are afraid to give their children due to its messiness is	pizza.
one reason why a boss calls an employee into his office is	getting let go.
one reason why a boss calls an employee into his office is	promotion/raise.
one reason why a boss calls an employee into his office is	lateness.
one reason why a boss calls an employee into his office is	warning/reprimand.
one reason why a boss calls an employee into his office is	have a meeting.
one button you'd find on a video camera is	record.
one button you'd find on a video camera is	play.
one button you'd find on a video camera is	power.
one button you'd find on a video camera is	pause.
one button you'd find on a video camera is	rewind.
one button you'd find on a video camera is	eject.
one button you'd find on a video camera is	stop.
one way you might know one person is in the secret service is	dark sunglasses.
one way you might know one person is in the secret service is	the way they dress.
one way you might know one person is in the secret service is	haircut.
one way you might know one person is in the secret service is	with the president.
one way you might know one person is in the secret service is	have an earpiece.
one way you might know one person is in the secret service is	they're quiet.
one way you might know one person is in the secret service is	id card.
one thing people lie about in an internet chatroom is	their age.
one thing people lie about in an internet chatroom is	their looks.
one thing people lie about in an internet chatroom is	how much they weigh.
one thing people lie about in an internet chatroom is	occupation.
one thing people lie about in an internet chatroom is	marital status.
one thing people lie about in an internet chatroom is	gender.
one movie that is based on a true story is	titanic.
one movie that is based on a true story is	social network.
one movie that is based on a true story is	blind side.
one movie that is based on a true story is	milk.
one movie that is based on a true story is	malcolm x.
one movie that is based on a true story is	kings speech.
one movie that is based on a true story is	pearl harbor.
one expense on a business trip that the company would be expected to reimburse is	hotel.
one expense on a business trip that the company would be expected to reimburse is	food.
one thing both a logger and a rock star wear is	boots.
one thing both a logger and a rock star wear is	hat.
one thing both a logger and a rock star wear is	jeans.
one thing both a logger and a rock star wear is	flannel shirt.
one thing both a logger and a rock star wear is	sunglasses.
one thing at a restaurant that might keep getting refilled is	drink.
one thing at a restaurant that might keep getting refilled is	ketchup.
one thing at a restaurant that might keep getting refilled is	bread basket.
one thing at a restaurant that might keep getting refilled is	salp/pepper.
one thing at a restaurant that might keep getting refilled is	salad bowl.
one person in her life that a woman might have a crush on is	teacher.
one person in her life that a woman might have a crush on is	boss.
one person in her life that a woman might have a crush on is	friend.
one person in her life that a woman might have a crush on is	doctor.
one person in her life that a woman might have a crush on is	neighbor.
one thing that teenagers spend more time doing than adults is	texting/phone.
one thing that teenagers spend more time doing than adults is	sleeping.
one thing that teenagers spend more time doing than adults is	clean litter box.
one thing that teenagers spend more time doing than adults is	watching tv.
one thing that teenagers spend more time doing than adults is	internet.
one thing that teenagers spend more time doing than adults is	video games.
one thing that teenagers spend more time doing than adults is	shopping.
one job where you could claim disability if you lost your voice is	telemarketer.
one job where you could claim disability if you lost your voice is	singer.
one job where you could claim disability if you lost your voice is	customer service.
one job where you could claim disability if you lost your voice is	news reporter.
one job where you could claim disability if you lost your voice is	radio broadcaster.
one job where you could claim disability if you lost your voice is	oporator.
one ingredient that cookies would taste terrible if you forgot to add is	sugar.
one ingredient that cookies would taste terrible if you forgot to add is	flour.
one ingredient that cookies would taste terrible if you forgot to add is	eggs.
one ingredient that cookies would taste terrible if you forgot to add is	butter.
one ingredient that cookies would taste terrible if you forgot to add is	salt.
one thing you try to avoid getting sand in while at the beach is	shoes.
one thing you try to avoid getting sand in while at the beach is	car.
one thing you try to avoid getting sand in while at the beach is	hair.
one thing you try to avoid getting sand in while at the beach is	bathing suit.
one thing you try to avoid getting sand in while at the beach is	food.
one thing you try to avoid getting sand in while at the beach is	eyes.
one good occupation for one person who likes to be the center of attention is	actor.
one good occupation for one person who likes to be the center of attention is	singer.
one good occupation for one person who likes to be the center of attention is	teacher.
one good occupation for one person who likes to be the center of attention is	model.
one good occupation for one person who likes to be the center of attention is	politician.
one food that can be eaten directly from its container is	ice cream.
one food that can be eaten directly from its container is	yogurt.
one food that can be eaten directly from its container is	chips.
one food that can be eaten directly from its container is	tuna.
one food that can be eaten directly from its container is	soup.
one food that can be eaten directly from its container is	peanut butter.
one thing people might have to do at traffic school is	learn how to drive.
one thing people might have to do at traffic school is	take driving test.
one thing people might have to do at traffic school is	learn rules of road.
one thing people might have to do at traffic school is	watch videos.
one thing people might have to do at traffic school is	read a book.
one thing people might have to do at traffic school is	take notes.
one type of event that adults dress up to go to but kids would find boring is	opera.
one type of event that adults dress up to go to but kids would find boring is	broadway/play.
one type of event that adults dress up to go to but kids would find boring is	wedding.
one type of event that adults dress up to go to but kids would find boring is	symphony.
one type of event that adults dress up to go to but kids would find boring is	ballet.
one service a hotel provides that you with you had at your house is	room service.
one service a hotel provides that you with you had at your house is	house keeping.
one service a hotel provides that you with you had at your house is	massage.
one service a hotel provides that you with you had at your house is	laundry.
one service a hotel provides that you with you had at your house is	valet.
the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island is	build a shelter.
the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island is	find food.
the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island is	find fresh water.
the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island is	pray.
the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island is	cry.
the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island is	build a fire.
the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island is	explore.
one type of tv show that you can't imagine having an audience laugh track is	news.
one type of tv show that you can't imagine having an audience laugh track is	soap opera.
one type of tv show that you can't imagine having an audience laugh track is	reality tv.
one type of tv show that you can't imagine having an audience laugh track is	talk show.
one type of tv show that you can't imagine having an audience laugh track is	crime drama.
one sports whose athletes you'd least like to get in a fight with is	boxing.
one sports whose athletes you'd least like to get in a fight with is	football.
one sports whose athletes you'd least like to get in a fight with is	hockey.
one sports whose athletes you'd least like to get in a fight with is	wrestling.
one thing you include on a letter, but not on an e-mail is	stamp.
one thing you include on a letter, but not on an e-mail is	signature.
one thing you include on a letter, but not on an e-mail is	address.
one thing you include on a letter, but not on an e-mail is	salutation/ greeting.
one thing in your wallet that might be used for an id is	driver's license.
one thing in your wallet that might be used for an id is	social security.
one thing in your wallet that might be used for an id is	school id.
one thing in your wallet that might be used for an id is	credit card.
one thing in your wallet that might be used for an id is	business card.
one thing people mean to do in their spare time, but end up watching tv instead is	clean.
one thing people mean to do in their spare time, but end up watching tv instead is	read.
one thing people mean to do in their spare time, but end up watching tv instead is	paperwork.
one thing people mean to do in their spare time, but end up watching tv instead is	bake.
one thing people mean to do in their spare time, but end up watching tv instead is	exercise.
one thing people mean to do in their spare time, but end up watching tv instead is	nap.
one phone company that offers low long distance rates is	at&t.
one phone company that offers low long distance rates is	sprint.
one phone company that offers low long distance rates is	mci.
one phone company that offers low long distance rates is	vonage.
one thing that you write out by hand, instead of type is	letter/card.
one thing that you write out by hand, instead of type is	check.
one thing that you write out by hand, instead of type is	signature.
one thing that you write out by hand, instead of type is	grocery list.
one reason a casino dealer might complain about one person at their table is	cheating.
one reason a casino dealer might complain about one person at their table is	drunk.
one reason a casino dealer might complain about one person at their table is	smoking.
one reason a casino dealer might complain about one person at their table is	winning too much.
one reason a casino dealer might complain about one person at their table is	loud.
one reason a casino dealer might complain about one person at their table is	rude.
one thing you can buy in the paper products aisle at the supermarket is	paper towels.
one thing you can buy in the paper products aisle at the supermarket is	plates.
one sport that a tough guy might think is wimpy is	golf.
one sport that a tough guy might think is wimpy is	tennis.
one sport that a tough guy might think is wimpy is	soccer.
one sport that a tough guy might think is wimpy is	ping pong.
one sport that a tough guy might think is wimpy is	swimming.
one sport that a tough guy might think is wimpy is	bowling.
one thing a child asks for just to delay his bedtime is	drink.
one thing a child asks for just to delay his bedtime is	bedtime story.
one thing a child asks for just to delay his bedtime is	snacks.
one thing a child asks for just to delay his bedtime is	hug/kiss.
one thing for which a police officer might give you a ticket is	speeding.
one thing for which a police officer might give you a ticket is	parking.
one thing for which a police officer might give you a ticket is	running red light.
one thing for which a police officer might give you a ticket is	no seatbelt.
one thing for which a police officer might give you a ticket is	jaywalking.
one a synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun is	ball and chain.
one a synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun is	tie the knot.
one a synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun is	hitched.
one a synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun is	tied down.
one gift that works well as a stocking stuffer is	candy.
one gift that works well as a stocking stuffer is	socks.
one gift that works well as a stocking stuffer is	cd.
one gift that works well as a stocking stuffer is	dvd.
one gift that works well as a stocking stuffer is	jewelry.
one gift that works well as a stocking stuffer is	toothbrush.
one meal that one person who loves cheese would eat often is	pizza.
one meal that one person who loves cheese would eat often is	mac and cheese.
one meal that one person who loves cheese would eat often is	grilled cheese.
one meal that one person who loves cheese would eat often is	lasagna.
one professional that charges you for advice is	therapist.
one professional that charges you for advice is	attorney.
one professional that charges you for advice is	doctor.
one professional that charges you for advice is	psychic.
one reason a couple might not want to have kids is	expensive.
one reason a couple might not want to have kids is	too old.
one reason a couple might not want to have kids is	focus on career.
one reason a couple might not want to have kids is	not married.
one reason a couple might not want to have kids is	too young.
one thing a couple starts fighting about once they move in together is	money.
one thing a couple starts fighting about once they move in together is	space.
one thing a couple starts fighting about once they move in together is	cleaning.
one thing a couple starts fighting about once they move in together is	bathroom.
one thing a couple starts fighting about once they move in together is	tv.
one thing a truck driver might have to go without for a while is	bathroom break.
one thing a truck driver might have to go without for a while is	comfortable bed.
one thing a truck driver might have to go without for a while is	a meal.
one thing a truck driver might have to go without for a while is	intimacy.
one thing a truck driver might have to go without for a while is	a bath.
one thing a truck driver might have to go without for a while is	home.
one really big state is	texas.
one really big state is	california.
one really big state is	alaska.
one really big state is	new york.
one really big state is	florida.
one thing people take along to make a long car ride go faster is	music.
one thing people take along to make a long car ride go faster is	reading matereal.
one thing people take along to make a long car ride go faster is	games.
one thing people take along to make a long car ride go faster is	snacks.
one thing people take along to make a long car ride go faster is	tv/movie.
one thing you might wash everyday is	hands.
one thing you might wash everyday is	hair.
one thing you might wash everyday is	face.
one thing you might wash everyday is	body.
one type of candy that sounds like something youd dig up from the ground is	gummy worms.
one type of candy that sounds like something youd dig up from the ground is	rock candy.
one type of candy that sounds like something youd dig up from the ground is	pop rocks.
one type of candy that sounds like something youd dig up from the ground is	mounds.
one thing you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator is	smoke.
one thing you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator is	pass gas.
one thing you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator is	sneeze.
one thing you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator is	talk.
one thing you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator is	kiss.
one thing you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator is	stand too close.
one thing you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator is	cough.
one thing your grandma might repair when it gets old but you just buy a new one is	car.
one thing your grandma might repair when it gets old but you just buy a new one is	tv.
one thing your grandma might repair when it gets old but you just buy a new one is	socks.
one thing your grandma might repair when it gets old but you just buy a new one is	sweater.
one thing your grandma might repair when it gets old but you just buy a new one is	shoes.
one animal that it'd be unflattering to be compared to is	pig.
one animal that it'd be unflattering to be compared to is	elephant.
one animal that it'd be unflattering to be compared to is	cow.
one animal that it'd be unflattering to be compared to is	monkey.
one animal that it'd be unflattering to be compared to is	dog.
one animal that it'd be unflattering to be compared to is	whale.
one reason a teenaged boy would have for wearing a suit is	wedding.
one reason a teenaged boy would have for wearing a suit is	church.
one reason a teenaged boy would have for wearing a suit is	prom.
one reason a teenaged boy would have for wearing a suit is	funeral.
one reason a teenaged boy would have for wearing a suit is	graduation.
one sign that you television is over 40 years old is	black and white.
one sign that you television is over 40 years old is	has knobs.
one sign that you television is over 40 years old is	no remote control.
one sign that you television is over 40 years old is	doesn't work.
one sign that you television is over 40 years old is	small screen.
one sign that you television is over 40 years old is	fuzzy picture.
one sign that you television is over 40 years old is	console cabinet.
one thing that people with roommates do more of in their bedroom than people without is	watch tv.
one thing that people with roommates do more of in their bedroom than people without is	talk on the phone.
one thing that people with roommates do more of in their bedroom than people without is	sleep.
one thing that people with roommates do more of in their bedroom than people without is	eat.
one thing that people with roommates do more of in their bedroom than people without is	read/study.
one thing a bird watcher carries with them is	binoculars.
one thing a bird watcher carries with them is	camara.
one thing a bird watcher carries with them is	bird book.
one thing a bird watcher carries with them is	notepad.
one thing a bird watcher carries with them is	bread.
one expression that contains the word "wheel" is	offortune.
one expression that contains the word "wheel" is	third wheel.
one expression that contains the word "wheel" is	squeaky wheel.
one expression that contains the word "wheel" is	wheelbarrow.
one expression that contains the word "wheel" is	big wheel.
one expression that contains the word "wheel" is	spin the wheel.
one expression that contains the word "wheel" is	fifth wheel.
one breed of dog that you're doggone nuts about is	lab.
one breed of dog that you're doggone nuts about is	poodle.
one breed of dog that you're doggone nuts about is	collie.
one breed of dog that you're doggone nuts about is	golden retriever.
one breed of dog that you're doggone nuts about is	dachshund.
one breed of dog that you're doggone nuts about is	beagle.
one thing you see in every public bathroom is	toilet.
one thing you see in every public bathroom is	sink.
one tropical island is	send us your answers!.
one tropical island is	hawaii.
one accessory people buy for their computer is	ipod.
one accessory people buy for their computer is	printer.
one accessory people buy for their computer is	mouse.
one thing that has a ring around it is	finger.
one thing that has a ring around it is	tub.
one holiday when people have parties is	christmas.
one holiday when people have parties is	july fourth.
one holiday when people have parties is	4th of july.
one holiday when people have parties is	thanksgiving.
one way people might greet each other is	shake hands.
one way people might greet each other is	kiss.
one musical instrument with a mournful sound is	violin.
one musical instrument with a mournful sound is	saxophone.
one musical instrument with a mournful sound is	oboe.
one musical instrument with a mournful sound is	cello.
one musical instrument with a mournful sound is	trumpet.
one musical instrument with a mournful sound is	harp.
one thing a king has that the average person doesn't is	crown.
one thing a king has that the average person doesn't is	castle.
one thing that some people steal from restaurants is	silverware.
one thing that some people steal from restaurants is	food.
one thing a kid might complain about at summer camp is	food.
one thing a kid might complain about at summer camp is	bugs.
one thing a kid might complain about at summer camp is	home sick.
one thing a kid might complain about at summer camp is	too hot.
one thing a kid might complain about at summer camp is	poisonivy.
one thing a kid might complain about at summer camp is	loneliness.
one thing that lives underground is	mole.
one thing that lives underground is	worm.
one reason a kid might have to raise his hand up in class is	washroom.
one reason a kid might have to raise his hand up in class is	ask question.
one sport where the players don't wear a helmet is	basketball.
one sport where the players don't wear a helmet is	tennis.
one sport where the players don't wear a helmet is	golf.
one celebrity who's served time in the slammer is	paris hilton.
one celebrity who's served time in the slammer is	oj simpson.
one celebrity who's served time in the slammer is	robert downe.
one celebrity who's served time in the slammer is	martha stewart.
one celebrity who's served time in the slammer is	mike tyson.
one celebrity who's served time in the slammer is	gary busey.
one thing you're expected to do if you're attending a wedding is	bring a gift.
one thing you're expected to do if you're attending a wedding is	dress well.
one london tube line is	northern.
one london tube line is	central.
one london tube line is	piccadilly.
one london tube line is	bakerloo.
one london tube line is	district.
one london tube line is	jubilee.
one thing a sailor has to worry about crashing into is	iceberg.
one thing a sailor has to worry about crashing into is	dock.
one thing that has a label is	clothes.
one thing that has a label is	food.
one thing that has a label is	jam.
one thing that has a label is	bottle.
one type of music you'd probably never hear at a retirement home is	rap.
one type of music you'd probably never hear at a retirement home is	rock.
one pet that doesn't require much maintenance is	fish.
one pet that doesn't require much maintenance is	dog.
one pet that doesn't require much maintenance is	cat.
one pet that doesn't require much maintenance is	bird.
one pet that doesn't require much maintenance is	turtle.
one activity that could cause a heart attack is	running.
one activity that could cause a heart attack is	shoveling snow.
one activity that could cause a heart attack is	skydiving.
one activity that could cause a heart attack is	over exertion.
one activity that could cause a heart attack is	over eating.
one activity that could cause a heart attack is	bungee jumping.
one thing you do at an office party is	drink.
one thing you do at an office party is	exchange gifts.
one thing you do at an office party is	dance.
one thing a man might do in his sleep that his wife might think is cute is	talk.
one thing a man might do in his sleep that his wife might think is cute is	snore.
one job where you might have to watch a monitor is	security.
one job where you might have to watch a monitor is	tv editor.
one musical instrument you blow into is	trumpet.
one musical instrument you blow into is	sax.
one thing you'd do if you were on vacation in florida is	swim.
one thing you'd do if you were on vacation in florida is	disneyworld.
one thing you'd do if you were on vacation in florida is	go to the beach.
one kind of bird you might see in your backyard is	blue jay.
one kind of bird you might see in your backyard is	sparrow.
one kind of bird you might see in your backyard is	hummingbird.
one place kids might go if they skipped school is	send us your answers!.
one place kids might go if they skipped school is	mall.
one thing you might find at a circus is	acrobat.
one thing you might find at a circus is	clown.
one thing you might find at a circus is	elephants.
one thing you might find at a circus is	juggler.
one good birthday gift for a kid who wants to be a cowboy is	hat.
one good birthday gift for a kid who wants to be a cowboy is	boots.
one thing you might buy at a bakery is	send us your answers!.
one thing you might buy at a bakery is	cake.
one thing you might buy at a bakery is	pie.
one thing people drink beer out of is	bottles.
one thing people drink beer out of is	mug.
one sexy car is	porsche.
one sexy car is	lamborghini.
one sexy car is	corvette.
one sexy car is	jaguar.
one sexy car is	ferrari.
one sport that gets fans into a frenzy is	football.
one sport that gets fans into a frenzy is	baseball.
one sport that gets fans into a frenzy is	basketball.
one thing you would find at a kid's birthday is	cake.
one thing you would find at a kid's birthday is	clown.
one occupation whose members make their living on other people's misfortunes is	lawyer.
one occupation whose members make their living on other people's misfortunes is	doctor.
one occupation whose members make their living on other people's misfortunes is	undertaker.
one occupation whose members make their living on other people's misfortunes is	insurance company.
one thing that's so noisy, you wish it had never been invented is	motorcycles.
one thing that's so noisy, you wish it had never been invented is	rap music.
one thing that's so noisy, you wish it had never been invented is	jack hammers.
one thing that's so noisy, you wish it had never been invented is	loud speakers.
one thing that's so noisy, you wish it had never been invented is	vacuum cleaners.
one thing that's so noisy, you wish it had never been invented is	leaf blowers.
one thing you might buy that has instructions printed in several languages is	tv.
one thing you might buy that has instructions printed in several languages is	phone.
one man that tv has made very, very rich is	jay leno.
one man that tv has made very, very rich is	regis philbin.
one man that tv has made very, very rich is	simon cowell.
one man that tv has made very, very rich is	donald trump.
one man that tv has made very, very rich is	david letterman.
one man that tv has made very, very rich is	jerry seinfeld.
one man that tv has made very, very rich is	aaron spelling.
one famous hotel in las vegas is	caesar's palace.
one famous hotel in las vegas is	mgm grand.
one thing you know about alcatraz is	prison.
one thing you know about alcatraz is	island.
one handsome male cartoon character is	superman.
one handsome male cartoon character is	batman.
one thing you should not take away from a baby unless you enjoy the sound of screaming is	bottle.
one thing you should not take away from a baby unless you enjoy the sound of screaming is	pacifier.
one tiny creature which frightens big people is	spider.
one tiny creature which frightens big people is	snake.
one brand of beer they sell at ever bar is	budweiser.
one brand of beer they sell at ever bar is	miller.
one specific activity that beginners always look funny doing is	dancing.
one specific activity that beginners always look funny doing is	skiing.
one specific activity that beginners always look funny doing is	aerobics/exercise.
one specific activity that beginners always look funny doing is	ice skate/hockey.
one specific activity that beginners always look funny doing is	roller skating.
one specific activity that beginners always look funny doing is	swimming.
one thing annoying at the library is	noise.
one thing annoying at the library is	people talking.
one thing annoying at the library is	librarian.
one thing annoying at the library is	quiet.
one thing annoying at the library is	child crying.
one thing a man might put on belonging to his wife if he got dressed in the dark is	shirt.
one thing a man might put on belonging to his wife if he got dressed in the dark is	underwear.
one thing you see in from yards during the holidays is	lights.
one thing you see in from yards during the holidays is	snow man.
one activity kids like to do that they need to wear a helmet for is	bike riding.
one activity kids like to do that they need to wear a helmet for is	rollerblading.
one thing that might ring is	send us your answers!.
one thing that might ring is	telephone.
one place where you can sleep is	home.
one place where you can sleep is	hotel.
one place where you can sleep is	car.
one place where you can sleep is	airport.
one thing a kid might do at a public swimming pool that annoys others is	"wee wee" in pool.
one thing a kid might do at a public swimming pool that annoys others is	splash.
one thing a student might forget to bring to school is	homework.
one thing a student might forget to bring to school is	book bag.
one thing people mistake for a ufo is	airplane.
one thing people mistake for a ufo is	star.
the age when a girl starts wearing lipstick is	13.
the age when a girl starts wearing lipstick is	12.
the age when a girl starts wearing lipstick is	15.
one thing that has a valve is	car.
one thing that has a valve is	engine.
one thing that has a valve is	heart.
one thing that has a valve is	water heater.
one thing that has a valve is	motorcycle.
one thing that has a valve is	car tire.
one sport where the players have very little clothing is	swimming.
one sport where the players have very little clothing is	wrestling.
one thing they might have in a hotels honeymoon suite you wish you had in your bedroom is	jacuzzi.
one thing they might have in a hotels honeymoon suite you wish you had in your bedroom is	heart bed.
one real or fictional band that has a food in their name is	send us your answers!.
one real or fictional band that has a food in their name is	red hot chili peppers.
one place where you stand in line, but nobody's in a hurry is	church.
one place where you stand in line, but nobody's in a hurry is	amusement park.
one thing people rub for good luck is	rabbit's foot.
one thing people rub for good luck is	four-leaf clover.
one thing that friends might swap is	send us your answers!.
one thing that friends might swap is	clothes.
one celebrity britney should follow around to be a good mother is	angelina jolie.
one celebrity britney should follow around to be a good mother is	reese witherspoon.
one celebrity britney should follow around to be a good mother is	julia roberts.
one celebrity britney should follow around to be a good mother is	madonna.
one celebrity britney should follow around to be a good mother is	brooke shields.
one celebrity britney should follow around to be a good mother is	jennifer garner.
one college you'd like to send your children to is	harvard.
one college you'd like to send your children to is	yale.
one college you'd like to send your children to is	stanford.
one college you'd like to send your children to is	ohio state.
one college you'd like to send your children to is	princeton.
one college you'd like to send your children to is	nyu.
one thing hollywood could do to make better movies is	better actors.
one thing hollywood could do to make better movies is	better stories.
one bad occupation for one person who is habitually late is	doctor.
one bad occupation for one person who is habitually late is	bus driver.
one thing people try to keep when they get divorced is	house.
one thing people try to keep when they get divorced is	money.
one thing of yours that's getting older and looks it is	face.
one thing of yours that's getting older and looks it is	car.
one thing of yours that's getting older and looks it is	hair.
one thing of yours that's getting older and looks it is	skin.
one thing of yours that's getting older and looks it is	shoes.
one animal that likes to dig is	send us your answers!.
one animal that likes to dig is	dogs.
one part of the body that begins with "s" is	skull.
one part of the body that begins with "s" is	stomach.
one part of the body that begins with "s" is	shoulders.
one part of the body that begins with "s" is	shin.
one part of the body that begins with "s" is	skin.
one part of a baby's body that is chubby is	cheeks.
one part of a baby's body that is chubby is	legs.
one type of junk food is	potato chips.
one type of junk food is	popcorn.
one person specific you send a holiday card to is	parents.
one person specific you send a holiday card to is	grandparents.
one food that is often cooked in a microwave is	popcorn.
one food that is often cooked in a microwave is	pizza.
one food that is often cooked in a microwave is	tv dinner.
one food that is often cooked in a microwave is	hot dog.
one food that is often cooked in a microwave is	soup.
one food that is often cooked in a microwave is	potato.
one food that is often cooked in a microwave is	burrito.
one food that is often cooked in a microwave is	eggs.
one thing you might pinch from a hotel room is	soap.
one thing you might pinch from a hotel room is	towels.
one thing you might pinch from a hotel room is	shampoo.
one thing you might pinch from a hotel room is	pens.
one thing you might pinch from a hotel room is	bathrobe.
one thing you might pinch from a hotel room is	slippers.
one word or phrase that has the word "blind" in it is	blind as a bat.
one word or phrase that has the word "blind" in it is	blind date.
one word or phrase that has the word "blind" in it is	blind justice.
one word or phrase that has the word "blind" in it is	blind faith.
one word or phrase that has the word "blind" in it is	blindfold.
one word or phrase that has the word "blind" in it is	blindsided.
one decision people might have second thoughts about is	marriage.
one decision people might have second thoughts about is	career.
one thing you'd see at the olympic opening ceremony is	lighting of the torch.
one thing you'd see at the olympic opening ceremony is	athletes.
the worst thing you could forget on your wedding day is	the ring.
the worst thing you could forget on your wedding day is	dress.
one thing kids believe in that adults don't is	santa.
one thing kids believe in that adults don't is	send us your answers!.
one gift for a friend who travels a lot is	suitcase.
one gift for a friend who travels a lot is	tickets.
one thing you have to give up to live the simple life is	money.
one thing you have to give up to live the simple life is	fancy car.
one thing you have to give up to live the simple life is	partying.
one article of clothing that would be silly to wear in the snow is	shorts.
one article of clothing that would be silly to wear in the snow is	tank top.
one famous guy who really might be the "most interesting man in the world" is	barack obama.
one famous guy who really might be the "most interesting man in the world" is	bill gates.
one famous guy who really might be the "most interesting man in the world" is	george clooney.
one famous guy who really might be the "most interesting man in the world" is	bill clinton.
one famous guy who really might be the "most interesting man in the world" is	donald trump.
one famous guy who really might be the "most interesting man in the world" is	glenn beck.
soemthing your 5 year old should be able to do but can't is	tying shoes.
soemthing your 5 year old should be able to do but can't is	read.
soemthing your 5 year old should be able to do but can't is	go to bathroom.
soemthing your 5 year old should be able to do but can't is	clean.
soemthing your 5 year old should be able to do but can't is	write name.
soemthing your 5 year old should be able to do but can't is	counting.
one practical joke you might purchase from a joke shop is	whoopie cushion.
one practical joke you might purchase from a joke shop is	rubber chicken.
one person who comes to mind when you hear the phrase "loudmouth" is	rosie o'donnell.
one person who comes to mind when you hear the phrase "loudmouth" is	howard stern.
one person who comes to mind when you hear the phrase "loudmouth" is	rush limbaugh.
one person who comes to mind when you hear the phrase "loudmouth" is	bill o'reilly.
one person who comes to mind when you hear the phrase "loudmouth" is	roseanne barr.
one reason you wouldn't want to live in new york is	crowded.
one reason you wouldn't want to live in new york is	traffic.
one reason you wouldn't want to live in new york is	crime.
one reason why you might not wear wool is	itchy.
one reason why you might not wear wool is	hot.
one thing you might buy that's made in japan is	car.
one thing you might buy that's made in japan is	camera.
your favorite thing about your job is	send us your answers!.
your favorite thing about your job is	salary.
one thing that married women might be sick of doing is	housekeeping.
one thing that married women might be sick of doing is	cooking.
one famous woman many people imitate is	oprah winfrey.
one famous woman many people imitate is	madonna.
one famous woman many people imitate is	angelina jolie.
one famous woman many people imitate is	jackie kennedy.
one famous woman many people imitate is	joan rivers.
one famous woman many people imitate is	paris hilton.
one famous woman many people imitate is	hillary clinton.
one electrical appliance people use in the bathroom is	blow dryer.
one electrical appliance people use in the bathroom is	curling iron.
one magazine you'd hate to have your picture in is	national enquirer.
one magazine you'd hate to have your picture in is	playboy.
one magazine you'd hate to have your picture in is	time.
one magazine you'd hate to have your picture in is	playgirl.
one magazine you'd hate to have your picture in is	hustler.
one word used to describe the weather is	hot.
one word used to describe the weather is	sunny.
one thing you've done and now wish you'd never done it is	smoking.
one thing you've done and now wish you'd never done it is	married.
one thing you've done and now wish you'd never done it is	moved.
one thing you've done and now wish you'd never done it is	stole something.
one thing you've done and now wish you'd never done it is	credit card.
one thing birds do that a human would look rediculous doing is	fly.
one thing birds do that a human would look rediculous doing is	eat worms.
one holiday that's only celebrated in america is	fourth of july.
one holiday that's only celebrated in america is	thanksgiving.
one holiday that's only celebrated in america is	memorial day.
one holiday that's only celebrated in america is	labor day.
one holiday that's only celebrated in america is	president's day.
one holiday that's only celebrated in america is	m.l.king's birthday.
one thing teenagers can do for hours on end is	computer/games.
one thing teenagers can do for hours on end is	talk on phone.
one thing teenagers can do for hours on end is	watch tv/movies.
one thing teenagers can do for hours on end is	dance.
one thing teenagers can do for hours on end is	listen to music.
one thing teenagers can do for hours on end is	shop.
one thing that a child might save their money to buy is	bike.
one thing that a child might save their money to buy is	video games.
one thing that a child might save their money to buy is	candy.
one thing that a child might save their money to buy is	cell phone.
one electronic device some people have with them at all times is	cell phone/phone.
one electronic device some people have with them at all times is	walkman/cd play'r.
one electronic device some people have with them at all times is	palm pilot.
one electronic device some people have with them at all times is	pacemaker.
one electronic device some people have with them at all times is	pager/beeper.
one electronic device some people have with them at all times is	radio.
one instrument people hate listening to their children play is	drum.
one instrument people hate listening to their children play is	violin.
one instrument people hate listening to their children play is	tuba.
one instrument people hate listening to their children play is	flute.
one instrument people hate listening to their children play is	trumpet.
one reason parents might send their child to bed early is	punishment.
one reason parents might send their child to bed early is	bad attitude.
one reason parents might send their child to bed early is	school.
one reason parents might send their child to bed early is	chores not done.
one reason parents might send their child to bed early is	alone time.
one reason parents might send their child to bed early is	bad grades.
one reason parents might send their child to bed early is	get up early.
the first thing you buy at the grocery store is	vegetables.
the first thing you buy at the grocery store is	bread.
the first thing you buy at the grocery store is	meat.
one thing that you eat that has the word "french" in front of it is	french fries.
one thing that you eat that has the word "french" in front of it is	french dressing.
one thing that you eat that has the word "french" in front of it is	french toast.
one thing that you eat that has the word "french" in front of it is	vanilla ice cream.
one thing that you eat that has the word "french" in front of it is	french bread.
the most romantic place to go on a first date is	beach.
the most romantic place to go on a first date is	restaurant.
the most romantic place to go on a first date is	movie theatre.
the most romantic place to go on a first date is	park/picnic.
one thing a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with is	an affair.
one thing a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with is	pregnancy/baby.
one thing a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with is	big bill.
one thing a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with is	divorce/separ..
one thing a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with is	surprise party.
one thing a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with is	his mistress.
one thing a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with is	the in-laws.
one thing a kid might complian about at summer camp is	food.
one thing a kid might complian about at summer camp is	bugs.
one us city that's on the coast is	miami.
one us city that's on the coast is	san francisco.
one us city that's on the coast is	atlantic city.
one us city that's on the coast is	los angeles.
one us city that's on the coast is	new york city.
one us city that's on the coast is	san diego.
one animal people are most excited to see on an african safari is	lions.
one animal people are most excited to see on an african safari is	elephants.
one animal people are most excited to see on an african safari is	giraffes.
one animal people are most excited to see on an african safari is	cheetahs.
one animal people are most excited to see on an african safari is	zebras.
one thing people cancel at the last minute is	appointment.
one thing people cancel at the last minute is	reservations.
one thing people cancel at the last minute is	dinner.
one thing people cancel at the last minute is	dates.
one thing people cancel at the last minute is	flights.
one thing people cancel at the last minute is	plans.
one thing people do to maintain their lawn is	water it.
one thing people do to maintain their lawn is	mow it.
one thing people do to maintain their lawn is	fertilizer.
one thing that slows down the line at a fastfood restaurant is	old people.
one thing that slows down the line at a fastfood restaurant is	children.
one thing that slows down the line at a fastfood restaurant is	no food.
one thing that slows down the line at a fastfood restaurant is	cashier.
one thing that slows down the line at a fastfood restaurant is	wrong order.
one thing that slows down the line at a fastfood restaurant is	bad service.
one place where you find lots of water is	ocean.
one place where you find lots of water is	beach.
one place where you find lots of water is	lake.
one place where you find lots of water is	river.
one place where you find lots of water is	pool.
one place where you find lots of water is	dam.
one thing kids are told to take turns using is	toys.
one thing kids are told to take turns using is	bathroom.
one thing kids are told to take turns using is	phone.
one thing kids are told to take turns using is	swing.
one thing kids are told to take turns using is	bikes.
one thing you might hit a ball with is	baseball bat.
one thing you might hit a ball with is	tennis racket.
one thing you might hit a ball with is	golf club.
one thing you might hit a ball with is	your hand.
one thing you might hit a ball with is	your foot.
one thing you thought existed when you were a child is	santa claus.
one thing you thought existed when you were a child is	tooth fairy.
one thing you thought existed when you were a child is	monsters.
one thing you thought existed when you were a child is	easter bunny.
one thing you thought existed when you were a child is	love.
one thing you thought existed when you were a child is	ghosts.
one kind of item that people frequently buy on impulse is	food.
one kind of item that people frequently buy on impulse is	clothes.
one kind of item that people frequently buy on impulse is	jewelry.
one kind of item that people frequently buy on impulse is	music.
one kind of item that people frequently buy on impulse is	car.
one kind of item that people frequently buy on impulse is	perfume.
one thing parents do when their kids are away at summer camp is	relax.
one thing parents do when their kids are away at summer camp is	sleep in.
one thing parents do when their kids are away at summer camp is	clean.
one thing parents do when their kids are away at summer camp is	travel.
one thing parents do when their kids are away at summer camp is	party.
one city that's too expensive for most people to live in is	new york city.
one city that's too expensive for most people to live in is	los angeles.
one city that's too expensive for most people to live in is	philadelphia.
one city that's too expensive for most people to live in is	san francisco.
one city that's too expensive for most people to live in is	miami.
one city that's too expensive for most people to live in is	las vegas.
one thing you buy that you use mainly in the morning is	coffee.
one thing you buy that you use mainly in the morning is	coffee machine.
one thing you buy that you use mainly in the morning is	toothbrush.
one thing you buy that you use mainly in the morning is	cereal.
one thing you buy that you use mainly in the morning is	toothpaste.
one thing you buy that you use mainly in the morning is	deodorant.
one thing you spend far too much time doing is	watching tv.
one thing you spend far too much time doing is	daydreaming.
one thing you spend far too much time doing is	sleeping.
one thing you spend far too much time doing is	playing on computer.
one thing you spend far too much time doing is	shopping.
one thing you spend far too much time doing is	working.
one celebrity who is hounded by the paparazzi is	tom cruise.
one celebrity who is hounded by the paparazzi is	brad pitt.
one celebrity who is hounded by the paparazzi is	michael jackson.
one celebrity who is hounded by the paparazzi is	britney spears.
one celebrity who is hounded by the paparazzi is	paris hilton.
one thing you put on in the morning is	clothes.
one thing you put on in the morning is	makeup.
one thing you put on in the morning is	deodorant.
one thing you put on in the morning is	coffee pots.
one fruit that would be hard to juggle is	watermelon.
one fruit that would be hard to juggle is	banana.
one fruit that would be hard to juggle is	pineapples.
one fruit that would be hard to juggle is	tomato.
one thing people hate doing in the morning when they have a hangover is	getting up.
one thing people hate doing in the morning when they have a hangover is	going to work.
one thing people hate doing in the morning when they have a hangover is	talking.
one thing people hate doing in the morning when they have a hangover is	loud music/alarm.
one quality a single man needs in order to get on the most eligible bachelor list is	rich.
one quality a single man needs in order to get on the most eligible bachelor list is	good-looking.
one quality a single man needs in order to get on the most eligible bachelor list is	funny.
one quality a single man needs in order to get on the most eligible bachelor list is	friendly.
one quality a single man needs in order to get on the most eligible bachelor list is	clean.
one quality a single man needs in order to get on the most eligible bachelor list is	good job.
one thing found outside that people might collect is	rocks.
one thing found outside that people might collect is	seashells.
one thing found outside that people might collect is	butterflies.
one thing found outside that people might collect is	leaf.
one thing found outside that people might collect is	flower.
one thing kids hope to someday have just like their parents is	car.
one thing kids hope to someday have just like their parents is	house.
one thing kids hope to someday have just like their parents is	money.
one thing kids hope to someday have just like their parents is	their own family.
one thing kids hope to someday have just like their parents is	job.
one thing people do in their car that you'd be surprised to see a race car driver do during a competition is	on phone.
one thing people do in their car that you'd be surprised to see a race car driver do during a competition is	reindeer ?.
one thing people keep putting off is	paying bills.
one thing people keep putting off is	housework.
one thing people keep putting off is	dentist/doctor.
one thing people keep putting off is	paying taxes.
one thing people keep putting off is	wedding.
one thing people keep putting off is	dieting.
one appetizer you would find at a chinese restaurant is	egg rolls.
one appetizer you would find at a chinese restaurant is	wontons.
one appetizer you would find at a chinese restaurant is	fortune cookie.
one appetizer you would find at a chinese restaurant is	noodles.
one appetizer you would find at a chinese restaurant is	dumplings.
one thing that might happen on a first date which would rule out a second date is	rudeness.
one thing that might happen on a first date which would rule out a second date is	goes dutch.
one thing that might happen on a first date which would rule out a second date is	kiss.
one thing that might happen on a first date which would rule out a second date is	bad breath.
one thing that might happen on a first date which would rule out a second date is	farting.
one thing that might happen on a first date which would rule out a second date is	argument.
one thing you might leave running is	car.
one thing you might leave running is	faucet.
one thing you might leave running is	computer.
one thing you might leave running is	fridge.
one thing some people are nervous about getting on is	airplane.
one thing some people are nervous about getting on is	amusement ride.
one thing some people are nervous about getting on is	mechanic bull.
one thing some people are nervous about getting on is	motorcycle.
one thing some people are nervous about getting on is	elevator.
one thing some people are nervous about getting on is	boat.
one thing parents teach their children how to save is	money.
one thing parents teach their children how to save is	time.
one thing parents teach their children how to save is	food.
one thing parents teach their children how to save is	electricity.
one thing parents teach their children how to save is	clothes.
one thing you might do before an operation is	prayers.
one thing you might do before an operation is	maka a will.
one thing you might do before an operation is	fast.
one thing you might do before an operation is	eat a lot.
one thing you might do before an operation is	kiss.
one thing you might do before an operation is	bathe.
one occupation in which people have a chance to become famous is	acting.
one occupation in which people have a chance to become famous is	musician/singer.
one occupation in which people have a chance to become famous is	athlete.
one occupation in which people have a chance to become famous is	politician.
one way to keep your kids busy is	television.
one way to keep your kids busy is	chores.
one way to keep your kids busy is	video games.
one way to keep your kids busy is	coloring.
one way to keep your kids busy is	sports.
one way to keep your kids busy is	toys.
one way to keep your kids busy is	movies.
one thing you do when you run out of clean underwear is	do laundry.
one thing you do when you run out of clean underwear is	don't wear it.
one thing you do when you run out of clean underwear is	buy more.
one thing you do when you run out of clean underwear is	wear dirty ones.
one way you can tell a person has a cold is	runny nose.
one way you can tell a person has a cold is	coughing.
one way you can tell a person has a cold is	sneezing.
one way you can tell a person has a cold is	sniffles.
one way you can tell a person has a cold is	hoarse voice.
one way you can tell a person has a cold is	fever.
one relative you only see during the holidays is	aunt / uncle.
one relative you only see during the holidays is	grandparents.
one relative you only see during the holidays is	mother.
one wild animal you would like as a pet is	tiger.
one wild animal you would like as a pet is	lions.
one wild animal you would like as a pet is	monkey.
one wild animal you would like as a pet is	wolf.
one wild animal you would like as a pet is	bear.
one thing you purchase by the gallon is	milk.
one thing you purchase by the gallon is	gas.
one thing you purchase by the gallon is	ice cream.
one thing you purchase by the gallon is	water.
one thing you might see during an nfl football game is	touchdowns.
one thing you might see during an nfl football game is	cheerleaders.
one thing you might see during an nfl football game is	football players.
one thing you might see during an nfl football game is	commercials.
one thing you might see during an nfl football game is	tackling.
one way people pass the time in prison is	reading.
one way people pass the time in prison is	lifting weights.
one way people pass the time in prison is	watching tv.
one way people pass the time in prison is	writing.
one way people pass the time in prison is	making lic. plates.
one way people pass the time in prison is	playing cards.
one thing you take into the shower is	soap.
one thing you take into the shower is	shampoo.
one thing you take into the shower is	wash cloth.
one thing you take into the shower is	towel.
one thing you take into the shower is	razor.
one kind of place where parents are embarrassed by their misbehaving children is	store/market.
one kind of place where parents are embarrassed by their misbehaving children is	restaurant.
one kind of place where parents are embarrassed by their misbehaving children is	church.
one kind of place where parents are embarrassed by their misbehaving children is	school/day care.
one tv personality you wish would take a vow of silence is	rosie o'donnell.
one tv personality you wish would take a vow of silence is	larry king.
one tv personality you wish would take a vow of silence is	bill o'reilly.
one tv personality you wish would take a vow of silence is	jerry springer.
one tv personality you wish would take a vow of silence is	jay leno.
one game kids play in the park is	tag.
one game kids play in the park is	hide and seek.
one game kids play in the park is	baseball.
one game kids play in the park is	basketball.
one game kids play in the park is	football.
one game kids play in the park is	catch.
somewhere you find a radio is	car.
somewhere you find a radio is	bedroom.
somewhere you find a radio is	kitchen.
somewhere you find a radio is	bathroom.
somewhere you find a radio is	work.
somewhere you find a radio is	shed.
one gift that's hard to return is	clothing/shoes.
one gift that's hard to return is	food.
one gift that's hard to return is	jewelry.
one gift that's hard to return is	money.
one gift that's hard to return is	car.
one gift that's hard to return is	toaster.
one gift that's hard to return is	pet.
one thing you should never park in front of is	fire hydrant.
one thing you should never park in front of is	handicap spot.
one thing you should never park in front of is	bus stop.
one thing you should never park in front of is	hospital entrance.
one thing you should never park in front of is	driveway.
one thing you should never park in front of is	red curb/zone.
one job that requires a lot of driving is	truck driver.
one job that requires a lot of driving is	bus driver.
one job that requires a lot of driving is	delivery man.
one job that requires a lot of driving is	taxi driver.
one thing that only waits for vips is	limo.
one thing that only waits for vips is	airplane.
one thing that only waits for vips is	table reservation.
one thing that only waits for vips is	meetings.
one thing that only waits for vips is	gold diggers.
one thing that only waits for vips is	taxi.
one thing that changes in a before-and-after photo on an infomercial is	weight.
one thing that changes in a before-and-after photo on an infomercial is	hair.
one thing that changes in a before-and-after photo on an infomercial is	skin/complexion.
one thing that changes in a before-and-after photo on an infomercial is	teeth.
one kind of place that might have an information booth is	mall.
one kind of place that might have an information booth is	airport.
one kind of place that might have an information booth is	amusement.
one kind of place that might have an information booth is	hospital.
one kind of place that might have an information booth is	museum.
one animal that looks cuddly, but would probably eat you alive is	panda.
one animal that looks cuddly, but would probably eat you alive is	polar bear.
one animal that looks cuddly, but would probably eat you alive is	lion.
one thing you always pack before you go on vacation is	clothes.
one thing you always pack before you go on vacation is	swimsuit.
one thing you always pack before you go on vacation is	toothbrush.
one thing you always pack before you go on vacation is	camera.
one type of tv show that gets viewers so involved they talk to the screen is	soap opera.
one type of tv show that gets viewers so involved they talk to the screen is	game show.
one type of tv show that gets viewers so involved they talk to the screen is	sports.
one type of tv show that gets viewers so involved they talk to the screen is	mystery.
one type of tv show that gets viewers so involved they talk to the screen is	news.
one thing of yours that you hope doesn't start making noises is	car.
one thing of yours that you hope doesn't start making noises is	refrigerator.
one thing of yours that you hope doesn't start making noises is	alarm.
one thing of yours that you hope doesn't start making noises is	body.
one thing of yours that you hope doesn't start making noises is	telephone.
one sport that's fun to play but boring to watch is	golf.
one sport that's fun to play but boring to watch is	tennis.
one sport that's fun to play but boring to watch is	soccer.
one thing women think they know more about than men is	cooking.
one thing women think they know more about than men is	children.
one thing women think they know more about than men is	everything.
one thing women think they know more about than men is	relationships.
one thing women think they know more about than men is	clothes.
one thing women think they know more about than men is	fashion.
one band from the 80's that is still popular today is	metallica.
one band from the 80's that is still popular today is	run-d.m.c..
one band from the 80's that is still popular today is	bon jovi.
one band from the 80's that is still popular today is	red hot chili peppers.
one band from the 80's that is still popular today is	new kids on the block.
one food that you hope you've got milk to go with is	cereal.
one food that you hope you've got milk to go with is	cookies.
one food that you hope you've got milk to go with is	brownies.
one food that you hope you've got milk to go with is	macaroni & cheese.
one food that you hope you've got milk to go with is	peanut butter.
one food that you hope you've got milk to go with is	pancakes.
one food that you hope you've got milk to go with is	cake.
one thing you might buy that is almost always white is	underwear.
one thing you might buy that is almost always white is	toilet paper.
one thing you might buy that is almost always white is	wedding dress.
one thing you might buy that is almost always white is	milk.
one thing you might buy that is almost always white is	eggs.
one thing you might buy that is almost always white is	bread.
one thing you might buy that is almost always white is	sheets.
one thing you might buy that is almost always white is	flour.
one thing you might buy that is almost always white is	paper.
one thing you might buy that is almost always white is	sugar.
one thing you might buy that is almost always white is	tissues.
one thing you might buy that is almost always white is	socks.
one nice way to tell one person to shut up is	be quiet.
one nice way to tell one person to shut up is	shhh.
one nice way to tell one person to shut up is	hush.
one nice way to tell one person to shut up is	keep it down.
one nice way to tell one person to shut up is	stop talking.
one nice way to tell one person to shut up is	enough.
one nice way to tell one person to shut up is	zip it.
one career more women go into than men is	nurse.
one career more women go into than men is	teacher.
one career more women go into than men is	secretary.
one career more women go into than men is	hairdresser.
one career more women go into than men is	stripper.
one type of vehicle that makes frequent stops is	city bus.
one type of vehicle that makes frequent stops is	school bus.
one type of vehicle that makes frequent stops is	mail truck.
one type of vehicle that makes frequent stops is	taxi.
one type of vehicle that makes frequent stops is	car.
one thing that slows down a line at the supermarket is	check writing.
one thing that slows down a line at the supermarket is	price check.
one thing that slows down a line at the supermarket is	too much stuff.
one thing that slows down a line at the supermarket is	coupons.
one thing that slows down a line at the supermarket is	cashier.
one thing that slows down a line at the supermarket is	food stamps.
one place where people often become regulars is	bar/club.
one place where people often become regulars is	restaurant.
one place where people often become regulars is	church.
one place where people often become regulars is	gym.
one place where people often become regulars is	grocery store.
one place where people often become regulars is	jail.
one thing a couple has to pick out for their wedding is	wedding rings.
one thing a couple has to pick out for their wedding is	wedding cake.
one thing a couple has to pick out for their wedding is	wedding venue.
one thing a couple has to pick out for their wedding is	invitations.
one thing a couple has to pick out for their wedding is	flower.
one thing a couple has to pick out for their wedding is	color scheme.
one thing that witches are supposed to be able to do is	fly on brooms.
one thing that witches are supposed to be able to do is	cast spells.
one thing that witches are supposed to be able to do is	things disappear.
one thing that witches are supposed to be able to do is	make potions.
one field of science is	biology.
one field of science is	chemistry.
one field of science is	astronomy.
one field of science is	astrology.
one field of science is	medicine.
one field of science is	psychology.
one activity that people wear gloves for is	medical procedure.
one activity that people wear gloves for is	baseball.
one activity that people wear gloves for is	gardening.
one activity that people wear gloves for is	boxing.
one activity that people wear gloves for is	golfing.
one activity that people wear gloves for is	skiing.
one thing specific that keeps a race car driver from injury is	helmet/suit.
one thing specific that keeps a race car driver from injury is	seat belt/harness.
one thing specific that keeps a race car driver from injury is	roll cage/bars.
one thing specific that keeps a race car driver from injury is	pads/padded seat.
one thing specific that keeps a race car driver from injury is	being careful.
one thing specific that keeps a race car driver from injury is	air bags.
one thing at a cookout one person might ask to be passed to them is	ketchup.
one thing at a cookout one person might ask to be passed to them is	potato salad.
one thing at a cookout one person might ask to be passed to them is	salt.
one thing at a cookout one person might ask to be passed to them is	napkins.
one thing at a cookout one person might ask to be passed to them is	mustard.
one thing at a cookout one person might ask to be passed to them is	plates.
one thing you might log onto the internet to check everyday is	email.
one thing you might log onto the internet to check everyday is	blogs.
one thing you might log onto the internet to check everyday is	stocks.
one thing you might log onto the internet to check everyday is	news.
one thing you might log onto the internet to check everyday is	sports.
one thing you might log onto the internet to check everyday is	weather.
one thing people hate about taking the bus is	waiting.
one thing people hate about taking the bus is	crowded.
one thing people hate about taking the bus is	late.
one thing people hate about taking the bus is	stops.
one thing people hate about taking the bus is	standing.
one thing people hate about taking the bus is	slow.
one chore that a kid from a farm family might do is	milk cows.
one chore that a kid from a farm family might do is	feed animals.
one chore that a kid from a farm family might do is	collect eggs.
one chore that a kid from a farm family might do is	bail hay.
one thing you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho is	weights/gym equip.
one thing you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho is	girlie pics/mag..
one thing you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho is	beer/alcohol.
one thing you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho is	mirrors.
one thing you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho is	cologne.
one thing you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho is	big television.
one thing you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho is	a woman.
one country where they speak english is	usa.
one country where they speak english is	england.
one country where they speak english is	canada.
one country where they speak english is	ireland.
one country where they speak english is	australia.
one thing you might do on a cruise ship that you can't do on a submarine is	sunbathe.
one thing you might do on a cruise ship that you can't do on a submarine is	swim.
one thing you might do on a cruise ship that you can't do on a submarine is	stand on deck.
one thing you might do on a cruise ship that you can't do on a submarine is	dance.
one thing you might do on a cruise ship that you can't do on a submarine is	open on porthole.
one thing you might do on a cruise ship that you can't do on a submarine is	exercise.
one professional who often keeps his clients waiting is	doctor.
one professional who often keeps his clients waiting is	lawyer.
one professional who often keeps his clients waiting is	dentist.
one professional who often keeps his clients waiting is	accountant.
one place where people always try to squeeze in one more person is	car.
one place where people always try to squeeze in one more person is	elevator.
one place where people always try to squeeze in one more person is	bus.
one place where people always try to squeeze in one more person is	restaurant/table.
one place where people always try to squeeze in one more person is	concert.
one place where people always try to squeeze in one more person is	church pew.
one thing a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge is	slash tires.
one thing a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge is	key/scratch it.
one thing a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge is	break windows.
one thing a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge is	air out of tires.
one thing a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge is	dent/kick it.
one thing a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge is	spray-paint it.
one thing a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge is	sugar in gas tank.
one thing a woman will never wear if it's dirty, but a man would is	underwear.
one thing a woman will never wear if it's dirty, but a man would is	shirt.
one thing a woman will never wear if it's dirty, but a man would is	socks.
one thing a woman will never wear if it's dirty, but a man would is	coat.
one thing a woman will never wear if it's dirty, but a man would is	pants/jeans.
one thing babies have that their parents think is adorable is	dimples.
one thing babies have that their parents think is adorable is	sweet smile.
one thing babies have that their parents think is adorable is	chubby cheeks.
one thing babies have that their parents think is adorable is	baby fat.
one thing babies have that their parents think is adorable is	tiny toes/feet.
one thing babies have that their parents think is adorable is	curls/hair.
one thing that might be poisonous is	snake.
one thing that might be poisonous is	cleaning products.
one thing that might be poisonous is	plant.
one thing that might be poisonous is	berries.
one thing that might be poisonous is	mushrooms.
one thing most people do ever new years eve is	drink.
one thing most people do ever new years eve is	party.
one thing people serve at elegant parties is	champagne.
one thing people serve at elegant parties is	caviar.
one thing people serve at elegant parties is	hors d'oeuvres.
one thing people serve at elegant parties is	shrimp.
one thing people serve at elegant parties is	escargot.
one movie monster you think is misunderstood is	frankenstein.
one movie monster you think is misunderstood is	godzilla.
one movie monster you think is misunderstood is	king kong.
one movie monster you think is misunderstood is	the incredible hulk.
one movie monster you think is misunderstood is	bigfoot.
one thing you make a sandwich with is	bread.
one thing you make a sandwich with is	ham.
one thing you make a sandwich with is	turkey.
one thing you make a sandwich with is	mayo.
one thing you make a sandwich with is	peanut butter.
the one thing you want out of life more than any other is	happiness.
the one thing you want out of life more than any other is	good health.
the one thing you want out of life more than any other is	money.
the one thing you want out of life more than any other is	love.
the one thing you want out of life more than any other is	peace.
the one thing you want out of life more than any other is	family.
the one thing you want out of life more than any other is	friends.
one thing that people are afraid to step on is	cracks.
one thing that people are afraid to step on is	bugs.
one thing that people are afraid to step on is	glass.
one thing that people are afraid to step on is	snakes.
one piece of equipment you'd find in any office is	typewriter.
one piece of equipment you'd find in any office is	telephone.
one piece of equipment you'd find in any office is	desk.
one piece of equipment you'd find in any office is	copier.
one piece of equipment you'd find in any office is	computer.
one piece of equipment you'd find in any office is	calculator.
one piece of equipment you'd find in any office is	pencil sharpener.
one thing that might ruin a great vacation is	bad weather.
one thing that might ruin a great vacation is	an argument.
one thing that might ruin a great vacation is	illness.
one thing that might ruin a great vacation is	theft.
one country in which auto racing is a big sport is	united states.
one country in which auto racing is a big sport is	france.
one country in which auto racing is a big sport is	italy.
one country in which auto racing is a big sport is	japan.
one thing found in a movie theatre is	chairs.
one thing found in a movie theatre is	popcorn.
one thing found in a movie theatre is	screen.
one thing found in a movie theatre is	people.
one thing found in a movie theatre is	movies.
one occupation in which there is no room for mistakes is	doctor/surgeon.
one occupation in which there is no room for mistakes is	police officer.
one occupation in which there is no room for mistakes is	accountant.
one occupation in which there is no room for mistakes is	firefighter.
one occupation in which there is no room for mistakes is	construction.
one occupation in which there is no room for mistakes is	president.
one occupation in which there is no room for mistakes is	hairdresser.
one thing you've seen people chase is	dog.
one thing you've seen people chase is	bus.
one thing you've seen people chase is	person.
one thing you've seen people chase is	cat.
one thing you've seen people chase is	car.
one thing that many married men and women run out of is	money.
one thing that many married men and women run out of is	love.
one thing that many married men and women run out of is	patience.
one thing that many married men and women run out of is	food.
one thing that many married men and women run out of is	time.
one thing you can win on a game show is	money.
one thing you can win on a game show is	car.
one thing you can win on a game show is	vacations.
one thing you can win on a game show is	appliances.
one place people go to escape the heat is	swimming pool.
one place people go to escape the heat is	indoors.
one place people go to escape the heat is	beach.
one place people go to escape the heat is	movies.
one place people go to escape the heat is	shopping mall.
one place people go to escape the heat is	alaska.
one place people go to escape the heat is	mountains.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	adoration.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	husband.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	hug.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	dating.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	life.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	love life.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	kiss.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	boyfriend.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	true love.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	affection.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	amour.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	romance.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	spouse.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	care giving.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	rearing.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	mothering.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	parenting.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	raising.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	childcare.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	fathering.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	money.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	bucks.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	wealth.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	coinage.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	riches.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	cash.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	currency.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	medicine.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	sickness.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	regularity.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	well being.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	illness.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	fitness.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	health.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	baking.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	preparing dinner.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	cooking.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	food preparation.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	cuisine.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	making dinner.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	gastronomic.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	occupation.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	career.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	office.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	vocation.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	employment.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	job.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	work.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	your job.
one subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice is	labor.
one thing you shouldn't pick up with your bare hands is	hot plate.
one thing you shouldn't pick up with your bare hands is	poop.
one thing you shouldn't pick up with your bare hands is	stinging plants.
one thing you shouldn't pick up with your bare hands is	garbage.
one thing you think of when you hear the word "boxers" is	men's underwear.
one thing you think of when you hear the word "boxers" is	fighter.
one thing you think of when you hear the word "boxers" is	dog.
one thing you do when you are angry is	yell.
one thing you do when you are angry is	cry.
one thing you do when you are angry is	curse.
one thing you do when you are angry is	eat.
one thing you do when you are angry is	throw things.
one place where you forget to apply sunscreen is	face.
one place where you forget to apply sunscreen is	beach.
one place where you forget to apply sunscreen is	back.
one place where you forget to apply sunscreen is	feet.
one place where you forget to apply sunscreen is	swimming pool.
one place where you forget to apply sunscreen is	neck.
one place dogs are known to drink from is	toilet.
one place dogs are known to drink from is	dish/bowl.
one place dogs are known to drink from is	street/puddle.
one place dogs are known to drink from is	pool.
one sport where the ball might be bigger than your head is	basketball.
one sport where the ball might be bigger than your head is	soccer.
one sport where the ball might be bigger than your head is	volleyball.
one sport where the ball might be bigger than your head is	bowling.
one holiday or occasion that's fun for kids but work for parents is	christmas.
one holiday or occasion that's fun for kids but work for parents is	halloween.
one holiday or occasion that's fun for kids but work for parents is	easter.
one holiday or occasion that's fun for kids but work for parents is	birthday.
one thing that makes your breath smell bad is	garlic.
one thing that makes your breath smell bad is	onion.
one thing that makes your breath smell bad is	fish.
one thing that makes your breath smell bad is	coffee.
one special treat that a husband brings home to his wife who's sick in bed is	flowers.
one special treat that a husband brings home to his wife who's sick in bed is	soup.
one special treat that a husband brings home to his wife who's sick in bed is	chocolate/candy.
one special treat that a husband brings home to his wife who's sick in bed is	ice cream.
one special treat that a husband brings home to his wife who's sick in bed is	book/magazine.
one animal you might see at seaworld is	dolphin.
one animal you might see at seaworld is	killer whale.
one animal you might see at seaworld is	sea lion.
one animal you might see at seaworld is	seal.
one animal you might see at seaworld is	manatee.
one excuse people give to get out of jury duty is	medical reason.
one excuse people give to get out of jury duty is	have to work.
one excuse people give to get out of jury duty is	being prejudiced.
one excuse people give to get out of jury duty is	care for children.
one excuse people give to get out of jury duty is	religious reason.
one excuse people give to get out of jury duty is	didn't get notice.
one excuse people give to get out of jury duty is	death.
one excuse people give to get out of jury duty is	can't read.
one type of fruit a kid might have in a lunch bag is	apple.
one type of fruit a kid might have in a lunch bag is	banana.
one type of fruit a kid might have in a lunch bag is	orange.
one place you go where you don't want to sit behind one person with a big head is	movie theater.
one place you go where you don't want to sit behind one person with a big head is	concert.
one action star who can also be funny is	jackie chan.
one action star who can also be funny is	arnold schwarzenegger.
one action star who can also be funny is	will smith.
one action star who can also be funny is	bruce willis.
one action star who can also be funny is	the rock.
one action star who can also be funny is	harrison ford.
one action star who can also be funny is	mel gibson.
one action star who can also be funny is	vin diesel.
one kind of place you're embarrassed when your stomach rumbles is	church.
one kind of place you're embarrassed when your stomach rumbles is	restaurant.
one kind of place you're embarrassed when your stomach rumbles is	movie/theater.
one kind of place you're embarrassed when your stomach rumbles is	work/meeting.
one thing about a vacation that costs the most money is	hotel room.
one thing about a vacation that costs the most money is	airfare.
one thing about a vacation that costs the most money is	food/dining out.
one thing about a vacation that costs the most money is	souvenirs/shop'ng.
one thing about a vacation that costs the most money is	gas/driving.
one thing you couldn't do without your lips is	kiss.
one thing you couldn't do without your lips is	talk.
one thing you couldn't do without your lips is	whistle.
one thing you couldn't do without your lips is	drink.
one thing you couldn't do without your lips is	eat.
one food that people give as gifts during the holidays is	fruitcake.
one food that people give as gifts during the holidays is	cookies.
one food that people give as gifts during the holidays is	pies.
one food that people give as gifts during the holidays is	fruit basket.
one food that people give as gifts during the holidays is	chocolates.
one food that people give as gifts during the holidays is	nuts.
one food that people give as gifts during the holidays is	cheese.
one thing you do to keep burglars out of your house that does not seem to work on the tooth fairy is	security alarm.
one thing you do to keep burglars out of your house that does not seem to work on the tooth fairy is	locks.
one thing you do to keep burglars out of your house that does not seem to work on the tooth fairy is	window bars.
one thing you do to keep burglars out of your house that does not seem to work on the tooth fairy is	dogs.
one hobby that could kill you is	skydiving.
one hobby that could kill you is	auto racing.
one hobby that could kill you is	hang gliding.
one hobby that could kill you is	mountain climbing.
one thing about which people say "you have to be born with it to have it" is	looks.
one thing about which people say "you have to be born with it to have it" is	talent.
one thing about which people say "you have to be born with it to have it" is	money.
one thing about which people say "you have to be born with it to have it" is	brains.
one thing about which people say "you have to be born with it to have it" is	common sense.
one thing about which people say "you have to be born with it to have it" is	birthmark.
one thing about which people say "you have to be born with it to have it" is	luck.
one thing a wealthy person would have at the vacation house is	swimming pool.
one thing a wealthy person would have at the vacation house is	boat.
one thing a wealthy person would have at the vacation house is	maids.
one thing a wealthy person would have at the vacation house is	hot tub.
one thing a wealthy person would have at the vacation house is	cards.
one thing that a dog likes to chase is	cats.
one thing that a dog likes to chase is	cars.
one thing that a dog likes to chase is	tails.
one thing that a dog likes to chase is	balls.
one thing that a dog likes to chase is	mail man.
one thing a journalist often uses is	pen.
one thing a journalist often uses is	computer.
one thing a journalist often uses is	notepad.
one thing a journalist often uses is	tape recorder.
one thing a journalist often uses is	camera.
one thing a woman might put on before she goes to bed is	nightie/pj's.
one thing a woman might put on before she goes to bed is	facial mask.
one thing a woman might put on before she goes to bed is	perfume.
one thing a woman might put on before she goes to bed is	cold cream.
one thing kids pick up from school is	germs/sickness.
one thing kids pick up from school is	homework.
one thing kids pick up from school is	lice.
one thing kids pick up from school is	bad habits.
one thing kids pick up from school is	swears.
one person in a kid's life who lets them get away with things their parent wouldn't is	grandparents.
one person in a kid's life who lets them get away with things their parent wouldn't is	babysitter.
one person in a kid's life who lets them get away with things their parent wouldn't is	aunt/uncle.
one person in a kid's life who lets them get away with things their parent wouldn't is	teacher.
one thing you do when a telemarketer calls is	hang up.
one thing you do when a telemarketer calls is	do not answer phone.
one thing you do when a telemarketer calls is	say no.
one thing you do when a telemarketer calls is	answer phone.
one thing people do to get rid of bad breath is	breath mints.
one thing people do to get rid of bad breath is	chew gum.
one thing people do to get rid of bad breath is	brush teeth.
one thing people do to get rid of bad breath is	mouthwash.
one thing you do for your dog's own good, that he hates is	bath.
one thing you do for your dog's own good, that he hates is	take to vet.
one thing you do for your dog's own good, that he hates is	brush teeth.
one thing you do for your dog's own good, that he hates is	leash.
one thing you do for your dog's own good, that he hates is	lock him up.
one thing you do for your dog's own good, that he hates is	hit on nose.
one thing a husband usually asks his wife's permission to do is	out with the guys.
one thing a husband usually asks his wife's permission to do is	spend money.
one thing a husband usually asks his wife's permission to do is	trip/camping.
one thing a husband usually asks his wife's permission to do is	go golfing.
one thing that's sometimes red and sometimes green is	fruits.
one thing that's sometimes red and sometimes green is	traffic signal.
one thing that's sometimes red and sometimes green is	leaves.
one thing that's sometimes red and sometimes green is	christmas lights.
one thing that's sometimes red and sometimes green is	mood.
one thing you remember doing by yourself for the first time is	driving car.
one thing you remember doing by yourself for the first time is	travel/airplane.
one thing you remember doing by yourself for the first time is	riding bike.
one thing you remember doing by yourself for the first time is	going to movie.
one thing you remember doing by yourself for the first time is	ironing.
one thing you remember doing by yourself for the first time is	combing hair.
one thing a professional mover might use on the job is	dolly.
one thing a professional mover might use on the job is	truck.
one thing a professional mover might use on the job is	boxes.
one thing kids build out of a cardboard box is	house.
one thing kids build out of a cardboard box is	car.
one thing kids build out of a cardboard box is	fort.
one thing kids build out of a cardboard box is	rocket ship.
one thing people do to a live mouse that would be strange to do to your computer's mouse is	trap it.
one thing people do to a live mouse that would be strange to do to your computer's mouse is	kill it.
one thing people do to a live mouse that would be strange to do to your computer's mouse is	pet it.
one thing people do to a live mouse that would be strange to do to your computer's mouse is	feed it cheese.
one thing people do to a live mouse that would be strange to do to your computer's mouse is	poison it.
one thing people do to a live mouse that would be strange to do to your computer's mouse is	feed it to snake.
one practical but unromantic gift that husbands buy their wives for christmas is	appliance.
one practical but unromantic gift that husbands buy their wives for christmas is	vacuum.
one practical but unromantic gift that husbands buy their wives for christmas is	clothes.
one practical but unromantic gift that husbands buy their wives for christmas is	pots.
one practical but unromantic gift that husbands buy their wives for christmas is	broom.
one thing people carry in parades is	flag.
one thing people carry in parades is	banners.
one thing people carry in parades is	balloons.
one thing people carry in parades is	instrument.
one thing people carry in parades is	sign.
one thing people carry in parades is	baton.
one country where they speak spanish is	mexico.
one country where they speak spanish is	spain.
one country where they speak spanish is	cuba.
one country where they speak spanish is	argentina.
one thing you bring in from outdoors before a storm is	lawn furnature.
one thing you bring in from outdoors before a storm is	pets.
one thing you bring in from outdoors before a storm is	plants.
one thing you bring in from outdoors before a storm is	laundry.
one thing you bring in from outdoors before a storm is	flag.
one thing you bring in from outdoors before a storm is	garbage cans.
one chore that you try to get done before the rain comes is	mowing the lawn.
one chore that you try to get done before the rain comes is	raking.
one chore that you try to get done before the rain comes is	washing the car.
one chore that you try to get done before the rain comes is	taking out the trash.
one chore that you try to get done before the rain comes is	washing windows.
one chore that you try to get done before the rain comes is	painting.
one type of large cat is	lions.
one type of large cat is	cheetah.
one type of large cat is	tiger.
one type of large cat is	lynx.
one type of large cat is	leopard.
one part of your body that never stops growing is	hair.
one part of your body that never stops growing is	nails.
one part of your body that never stops growing is	feet.
one part of your body that never stops growing is	brain.
one part of your body that never stops growing is	bottom.
one part of your body that never stops growing is	abdomen.
one thing people drink that is red is	kool-aid.
one thing people drink that is red is	red wine.
one thing people drink that is red is	cranberry juice.
one thing people drink that is red is	fruit punch.
one thing people drink that is red is	tomato juice.
one part of your body that moves when you laugh is	abdomen.
one part of your body that moves when you laugh is	mouth.
one part of your body that moves when you laugh is	head.
one part of your body that moves when you laugh is	chest.
one part of your body that moves when you laugh is	jaw.
one part of your body that moves when you laugh is	shoulders.
one thing you put on tacos is	beef.
one thing you put on tacos is	cheese.
one thing you put on tacos is	lettuce.
one thing you put on tacos is	tomatoes.
one thing you put on tacos is	sour cream.
one thing you put on tacos is	beans.
one way that parents pose their babies in portraits that they don't pose their older kids is	naked.
one way that parents pose their babies in portraits that they don't pose their older kids is	laying down.
one way that parents pose their babies in portraits that they don't pose their older kids is	sleeping.
one way that parents pose their babies in portraits that they don't pose their older kids is	on their lap.
one thing you might get out of pretending to be sick is	work.
one thing you might get out of pretending to be sick is	school.
one thing you might get out of pretending to be sick is	date.
one thing you might get out of pretending to be sick is	traffic ticket.
one thing you might get out of pretending to be sick is	jury duty.
one country the us imports a lot of things from is	china.
one country the us imports a lot of things from is	japan.
one country the us imports a lot of things from is	mexico.
one country the us imports a lot of things from is	taiwan.
one country the us imports a lot of things from is	england.
one country the us imports a lot of things from is	france.
one occupation that rips people off is	salesperson.
one occupation that rips people off is	telemarketing.
one occupation that rips people off is	lawyer.
one occupation that rips people off is	insurance.
one occupation that rips people off is	automachanic.
one occupation that rips people off is	construction.
one thing a baby does that you don't have to teach it is	cry.
one thing a baby does that you don't have to teach it is	eat.
one thing a baby does that you don't have to teach it is	smile.
one thing a baby does that you don't have to teach it is	crawl.
one thing a baby does that you don't have to teach it is	dribble.
one thing a baby does that you don't have to teach it is	walk.
one profession that requires schooling past college is	doctor.
one profession that requires schooling past college is	lawyer.
one profession that requires schooling past college is	teacher.
one profession that requires schooling past college is	engineer.
one profession that requires schooling past college is	nurse.
one rule at a drive-in theater is	no noise/honking.
one rule at a drive-in theater is	turn off lights.
one rule at a drive-in theater is	no sneaking in.
one rule at a drive-in theater is	return speaker.
one rule at a drive-in theater is	stay in car.
one rule at a drive-in theater is	no littering.
one thing you need to build a house is	lumber.
one thing you need to build a house is	bricks.
one thing you need to build a house is	money.
one thing you need to build a house is	nails.
one thing you need to build a house is	a hammer.
one thing you might toast is	bread.
one thing you might toast is	wedding.
one thing you might toast is	bagles.
one thing you might toast is	anniversary.
one thing you might toast is	eggo.
one fruit that is red is	apple.
one fruit that is red is	strawberry.
one fruit that is red is	cherry.
one fruit that is red is	raspberry.
one fruit that is red is	tomatoes.
one animal your mate sounds like when he or she snores is	bear.
one animal your mate sounds like when he or she snores is	pig.
one animal your mate sounds like when he or she snores is	dog.
one animal your mate sounds like when he or she snores is	lion.
one animal your mate sounds like when he or she snores is	elephant.
one animal your mate sounds like when he or she snores is	horse.
one thing you might need in order to do your laundry is	soap.
one thing you might need in order to do your laundry is	washing machine.
one thing you buy more than one of for thanksgiving is	turkey.
one thing you buy more than one of for thanksgiving is	pie.
one thing you buy more than one of for thanksgiving is	potato.
one thing you buy more than one of for thanksgiving is	dinner roll.
one thing you buy more than one of for thanksgiving is	corn on the cob.
one thing you buy more than one of for thanksgiving is	cranberry sauce.
one thing you buy more than one of for thanksgiving is	ham.
one fruit that grows on a tree is	apple.
one fruit that grows on a tree is	peach.
one fruit that grows on a tree is	pear.
one fruit that grows on a tree is	plum.
one fruit that grows on a tree is	lemon.
one fruit that grows on a tree is	oranges.
one fruit that grows on a tree is	cherries.
one part of the body men put cologne on is	neck.
one part of the body men put cologne on is	face/cheeks.
one part of the body men put cologne on is	chest.
one part of the body men put cologne on is	behind ears.
one part of the body men put cologne on is	underarms.
one part of the body men put cologne on is	shoulders.
one strong woman who people love to criticize is	hillary clinton.
one strong woman who people love to criticize is	martha stewart.
one strong woman who people love to criticize is	oprah winfrey.
one strong woman who people love to criticize is	madonna.
one strong woman who people love to criticize is	barbara bush.
one place where you might be charged a late fee is	video store.
one place where you might be charged a late fee is	library.
one thing people take out is	trash.
one thing people take out is	food.
one thing people take out is	money/loan.
one thing people take out is	dog/pet.
one thing people take out is	spouse/mate.
one thing people take out is	library books.
one thing people take out is	life insurance.
one word that people yell at the end of a performance is	bravo.
one word that people yell at the end of a performance is	encore.
one word that people yell at the end of a performance is	yea.
one word that people yell at the end of a performance is	great.
one word that people yell at the end of a performance is	boo.
one thing you worry about, even on vacation is	money/bills.
one thing you worry about, even on vacation is	house ok/secure.
one thing you worry about, even on vacation is	children/family.
one thing you worry about, even on vacation is	bad weather.
one thing you worry about, even on vacation is	pets.
one thing you worry about, even on vacation is	job/work.
one thing you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed is	brush teeth/floss.
one thing you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed is	turn off lights.
one thing you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed is	go to bathroom.
one thing you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed is	lock door/alarm.
one thing you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed is	say prayers.
one thing you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed is	take medicine.
one thing you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed is	check thermostat.
one part of the body where men have more hair than women is	chest.
one part of the body where men have more hair than women is	face.
one part of the body where men have more hair than women is	legs.
one city people love winning a trip to is	las vegas.
one city people love winning a trip to is	new york.
one city people love winning a trip to is	honolulu.
one city people love winning a trip to is	paris.
one thing a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce is	car.
one thing a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce is	money.
one thing a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce is	boat.
one thing a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce is	house.
one thing a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce is	land.
one thing a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce is	motorcycle.
one thing a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce is	jewelry.
one thing a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce is	stocks.
one zoo animal you could recognize just from the smell is	elephant.
one zoo animal you could recognize just from the smell is	monkey.
one zoo animal you could recognize just from the smell is	skunk.
one zoo animal you could recognize just from the smell is	pig.
one zoo animal you could recognize just from the smell is	horse.
one zoo animal you could recognize just from the smell is	lion.
one thing people depend on for protection is	weapons/mace.
one thing people depend on for protection is	police.
one thing people depend on for protection is	alarm system.
one thing people depend on for protection is	condoms.
one thing people depend on for protection is	dog.
one thing people depend on for protection is	locks.
one thing people depend on for protection is	insurance.
one thing that some people eat raw is	fish.
one thing that some people eat raw is	meat.
one place where people would notice if you came in late is	work.
one place where people would notice if you came in late is	church/wedding.
one place where people would notice if you came in late is	meeting.
one place where people would notice if you came in late is	movie/theater.
one place where people would notice if you came in late is	school.
one place where people would notice if you came in late is	doctor's office.
one article of clothing you don't wear two days in a row is	underwear.
one article of clothing you don't wear two days in a row is	socks.
one article of clothing you don't wear two days in a row is	shirt.
one article of clothing you don't wear two days in a row is	bra.
one thing you brush is	teeth.
one thing you brush is	hair.
one thing you brush is	pet.
one thing you brush is	paint.
one thing your body tells you to do is	sleep.
one thing your body tells you to do is	eat.
one thing your body tells you to do is	use bathroom.
one thing your body tells you to do is	breathe.
one thing your body tells you to do is	move.
one thing a police car has that a normal car does not is	sirens.
one thing a police car has that a normal car does not is	flashing lights.
one thing a police car has that a normal car does not is	on-board computers.
one thing a police car has that a normal car does not is	police scanner.
one thing a police car has that a normal car does not is	fast engine.
one thing a police car has that a normal car does not is	guns.
one thing you might steal from a hotel room is	send us your answers!.
one thing you might steal from a hotel room is	towels.
one sport with the toughest athletes is	football.
one sport with the toughest athletes is	hockey.
one sport with the toughest athletes is	boxing.
one sport with the toughest athletes is	wrestling.
one sport with the toughest athletes is	rugby.
one thing you do to make your home look occupied while you're away on vacation is	lights on.
one thing you do to make your home look occupied while you're away on vacation is	keep radio.
one thing you do to make your home look occupied while you're away on vacation is	stop mail.
one thing you do to make your home look occupied while you're away on vacation is	neighbors.
one thing you do to make your home look occupied while you're away on vacation is	car in driveway.
one important number people often memorize is	phone number.
one important number people often memorize is	911.
one important number people often memorize is	social security.
one important number people often memorize is	birthday.
one important number people often memorize is	address.
one thing that texas is famous for is	cowboys.
one thing that texas is famous for is	oil.
one thing that texas is famous for is	big.
one thing that texas is famous for is	barbecue.
one thing that texas is famous for is	football.
one thing that texas is famous for is	steak.
one monthly bill where the amount changes every month is	electric.
one monthly bill where the amount changes every month is	phone.
one monthly bill where the amount changes every month is	gas bill.
one monthly bill where the amount changes every month is	credit card.
one monthly bill where the amount changes every month is	water.
one thing you might ask the person sitting behind you in a movie theater to stop doing is	talk'g/cell phone.
one thing you might ask the person sitting behind you in a movie theater to stop doing is	kicking seat.
one thing you might ask the person sitting behind you in a movie theater to stop doing is	popping gum.
one thing you might ask the person sitting behind you in a movie theater to stop doing is	laughing in ear.
one thing you might ask the person sitting behind you in a movie theater to stop doing is	throwing things.
one thing you might do to refresh yourself is	take a shower.
one thing you might do to refresh yourself is	drinking water.
one thing you might do to refresh yourself is	wash face.
one thing you might do to refresh yourself is	sleep.
one thing you might do to refresh yourself is	brush teeth.
the most exciting thing to shop for is	clothes/shoes.
the most exciting thing to shop for is	clothing.
the most exciting thing to shop for is	car.
the most exciting thing to shop for is	house.
the most exciting thing to shop for is	jewelry.
the most exciting thing to shop for is	food.
the most exciting thing to shop for is	computer.
one fruit that would be almost impossible to stick up your nose is	watermelon.
one fruit that would be almost impossible to stick up your nose is	banana.
one fruit that would be almost impossible to stick up your nose is	apple.
one fruit that would be almost impossible to stick up your nose is	orange.
one fruit that would be almost impossible to stick up your nose is	mango.
one fruit that would be almost impossible to stick up your nose is	grape.
one thing that children say is always better at the neighbor's house is	food.
one thing that children say is always better at the neighbor's house is	toys.
one thing that children say is always better at the neighbor's house is	tv.
one thing that children say is always better at the neighbor's house is	games.
one thing that children say is always better at the neighbor's house is	rules.
one thing that children say is always better at the neighbor's house is	parents.
one part of your body that has a lot of meat on it is	bottom.
one part of your body that has a lot of meat on it is	stomach.
one part of your body that has a lot of meat on it is	thighs/legs.
one part of your body that has a lot of meat on it is	breasts/chest.
one thing that might make a person decide to retire is	job situation.
one thing that might make a person decide to retire is	getting older.
one thing that might make a person decide to retire is	health reasons.
one thing that might make a person decide to retire is	having enough.
one thing that might make a person decide to retire is	want to travel.
one spy movie without james bond in it is	bourne identity.
one spy movie without james bond in it is	austin powers.
one spy movie without james bond in it is	mission impossible.
one spy movie without james bond in it is	enemy of the state.
one spy movie without james bond in it is	north by northwest.
one spy movie without james bond in it is	man who knew too much.
one spy movie without james bond in it is	harriet the spy.
one country that has a lot of conflict is	iraq.
one country that has a lot of conflict is	iran.
one country that has a lot of conflict is	us.
one country that has a lot of conflict is	afghanistan.
one country that has a lot of conflict is	isreal.
one country that has a lot of conflict is	syria.
one thing that has a shell is	turtles.
one thing that has a shell is	crabs.
one thing that has a shell is	nuts.
one thing that has a shell is	snails.
one thing that has a shell is	eggs.
one thing you see in every james bond movie is	james bond.
one thing you see in every james bond movie is	guns.
one thing you see in every james bond movie is	alcohol.
one thing you see in every james bond movie is	explosions.
one animal in the bible that is brought up all the time is	lambs.
one animal in the bible that is brought up all the time is	camels.
one animal in the bible that is brought up all the time is	snakes.
one animal in the bible that is brought up all the time is	cows.
one thing in your house that's too big to throw at one person you're fighting with is	television.
one thing in your house that's too big to throw at one person you're fighting with is	sofa.
one thing in your house that's too big to throw at one person you're fighting with is	refrigerator.
one thing in your house that's too big to throw at one person you're fighting with is	table.
one thing in your house that's too big to throw at one person you're fighting with is	chair.
one thing in your house that's too big to throw at one person you're fighting with is	piano.
one accessory you might buy for the 4th of july is	fireworks.
one accessory you might buy for the 4th of july is	flags.
one accessory you might buy for the 4th of july is	party hats.
one accessory you might buy for the 4th of july is	grills.
one accessory you might buy for the 4th of july is	balloons.
one thing people make from grapes is	wine.
one thing people make from grapes is	jelly.
one thing people make from grapes is	juice.
one thing people make from grapes is	raisons.
one popular excuse people give for not going to the gym is	tired.
one popular excuse people give for not going to the gym is	too busy.
one popular excuse people give for not going to the gym is	work.
one popular excuse people give for not going to the gym is	sick.
one thing people use to decorate their house for christmas is	lights.
one thing people use to decorate their house for christmas is	tree.
one thing you need to own if you have a horse is	saddle.
one thing you need to own if you have a horse is	horse stable.
one thing you need to own if you have a horse is	stable.
one thing you need to own if you have a horse is	hay.
one thing you need to own if you have a horse is	straw.
one thing you need to own if you have a horse is	bridle.
one thing you need to own if you have a horse is	rick.
one thing you need to own if you have a horse is	horse trailer.
one thing you need to own if you have a horse is	trailer.
one thing you need to own if you have a horse is	wagon.
one thing specific a pirate might have hidden in his treasure chest is	gold/coins.
one thing specific a pirate might have hidden in his treasure chest is	jewels.
one thing specific a pirate might have hidden in his treasure chest is	weapons.
one thing specific a pirate might have hidden in his treasure chest is	maps.
one thing specific a pirate might have hidden in his treasure chest is	booze.
one thing you bring to the airport is	luggage.
one thing you bring to the airport is	passport.
one thing you bring to the airport is	tickets.
one thing you bring to the airport is	laptop.
one thing you bring to the airport is	books.
one action star who could use acting lessons is	arnold schwarzenegger.
one action star who could use acting lessons is	jackie chan.
one action star who could use acting lessons is	jean claude van damme.
one action star who could use acting lessons is	sylvester stallone.
one action star who could use acting lessons is	tom cruise.
one action star who could use acting lessons is	the rock.
one action star who could use acting lessons is	chuck norris.
one place where you might find a bible is	church.
one place where you might find a bible is	hotel room.
one thing that a fisherman might keep in his garage is	fishing pole.
one thing that a fisherman might keep in his garage is	boat.
one thing that a fisherman might keep in his garage is	tackle box.
one thing that a fisherman might keep in his garage is	net.
one thing that a fisherman might keep in his garage is	bait/worms.
one thing that a fisherman might keep in his garage is	fish hook.
one sport you might play on a sunny day is	baseball.
one sport you might play on a sunny day is	football.
one sport you might play on a sunny day is	volleyball.
one sport you might play on a sunny day is	tennis.
one sport you might play on a sunny day is	basketball.
one sport you might play on a sunny day is	golf.
one sport you might play on a sunny day is	soccer.
one president that republicans love is	ronald raegan.
one president that republicans love is	george bush.
one president that republicans love is	abraham lincoln.
one president that republicans love is	richard nixon.
one president that republicans love is	fdr.
one president that republicans love is	john kennedy.
one popular tv show from the 1980s is	the cosby show.
one popular tv show from the 1980s is	cheers.
one popular tv show from the 1980s is	family ties.
one popular tv show from the 1980s is	saved by the bell.
one thing that's sexier when it's bright red is	lingerie/undies.
one thing that's sexier when it's bright red is	dress.
one thing that's sexier when it's bright red is	lipstick.
one thing that's sexier when it's bright red is	car.
one source of gossip is	social media.
one source of gossip is	magazines.
one source of gossip is	colleagues.
one source of gossip is	friends.
one source of gossip is	family.
one thing a 10-year-old boy might ask santa for is	bike.
one thing a 10-year-old boy might ask santa for is	video game.
one thing that might be stuffed inside a ravioli ("meat" is not a answer be more specific) is	beef.
one thing that might be stuffed inside a ravioli ("meat" is not a answer be more specific) is	cheese.
one thing that might be stuffed inside a ravioli ("meat" is not a answer be more specific) is	sauce.
one thing that might be stuffed inside a ravioli ("meat" is not a answer be more specific) is	chicken.
one thing that might be stuffed inside a ravioli ("meat" is not a answer be more specific) is	lobster.
one person who is famous for having a big mouth is	joan rivers.
one person who is famous for having a big mouth is	jim carrey.
one person who is famous for having a big mouth is	kanye west.
one person who is famous for having a big mouth is	oprah winfrey.
one person who is famous for having a big mouth is	howard stern.
one person who is famous for having a big mouth is	rosie o'donnell.
one thing you can ride is	bicycle.
one thing you can ride is	send us your answers!.
one thing you need a lot of if you have a large family is	money.
one thing you need a lot of if you have a large family is	food.
one thing you need a lot of if you have a large family is	patience.
one thing you need a lot of if you have a large family is	love.
one thing you sniff before buying is	perfume.
one thing you sniff before buying is	fruit.
one thing you sniff before buying is	meat.
one thing you sniff before buying is	flowers.
one thing you sniff before buying is	candles.
one thing you sniff before buying is	milk.
one thing you can't live without is	drinking water.
one thing you can't live without is	air.
one thing you can't live without is	nourishment.
one thing you can't live without is	money.
one thing you can't live without is	cell phone.
one thing you can't live without is	love.
one animal you would not want to give mouth to mouth to is	dogs.
one animal you would not want to give mouth to mouth to is	lions.
one animal you would not want to give mouth to mouth to is	tiger.
one animal you would not want to give mouth to mouth to is	alligator.
one animal you would not want to give mouth to mouth to is	sharks.
one brand of sneaker is	nike.
one brand of sneaker is	adidas.
one brand of sneaker is	skechers.
one brand of sneaker is	reebok.
one brand of sneaker is	converse.
one person you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you is	mother.
one person you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you is	boss.
one person you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you is	spouse.
one person you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you is	police officer.
one person you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you is	judge.
one person you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you is	teacher.
one person you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you is	neighbor.
one person you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you is	grandmother.
the celebrity you would like to have narrate your life story is	morgan freeman.
the celebrity you would like to have narrate your life story is	oprah winfrey.
the celebrity you would like to have narrate your life story is	james earl jones.
the celebrity you would like to have narrate your life story is	maya angelou.
the celebrity you would like to have narrate your life story is	julia roberts.
one thing teens often do as their first job is	fast food/diner.
one thing teens often do as their first job is	store cashier.
one thing teens often do as their first job is	babysitter.
one thing teens often do as their first job is	paper carrier.
one piece of sporting equipment that has its own carrying case is	tennis racket.
one piece of sporting equipment that has its own carrying case is	bowling ball.
one piece of sporting equipment that has its own carrying case is	golf clubs.
one piece of sporting equipment that has its own carrying case is	pool cue.
one piece of sporting equipment that has its own carrying case is	cricket bat.
the first thing that tells you to go on a diet is	the scale/heavy.
the first thing that tells you to go on a diet is	clothes too tight.
the first thing that tells you to go on a diet is	friend/family.
the first thing that tells you to go on a diet is	doctor/health.
one thing that was built better in the good old days is	cars.
one thing that was built better in the good old days is	houses/buildings.
one thing that was built better in the good old days is	furniture.
one thing that was built better in the good old days is	stoves.
one thing that was built better in the good old days is	families.
one thing people ride in a 4th of july parade is	floats.
one thing people ride in a 4th of july parade is	horses.
one thing people ride in a 4th of july parade is	convertibles.
one thing people ride in a 4th of july parade is	bikes.
one thing people ride in a 4th of july parade is	fire trucks.
one thing people ride in a 4th of july parade is	motorcycles.
one ingredient you find in most italian food is	tomatoes.
one ingredient you find in most italian food is	pasta.
one ingredient you find in most italian food is	garlic.
one ingredient you find in most italian food is	oregano.
one family occasion where dad might bring out the video camera is	birthday.
one family occasion where dad might bring out the video camera is	christmas.
one family occasion where dad might bring out the video camera is	reunion.
one family occasion where dad might bring out the video camera is	wedding.
one family occasion where dad might bring out the video camera is	graduation.
one annoying habit is	nail biting.
one annoying habit is	smoking.
one annoying habit is	cracking bones.
one annoying habit is	chewing loudly.
one annoying habit is	burping.
one thing people do on your answering machine that drives you crazy is	don't leave message.
one thing people do on your answering machine that drives you crazy is	leave long message.
one thing you do on your way to work is	listen to music.
one thing you do on your way to work is	get coffee.
one thing you do on your way to work is	drive.
one thing you do on your way to work is	get food.
one thing you do on your way to work is	get gas.
one famous person named "jane" is	fonda.
one famous person named "jane" is	seymour.
one famous person named "jane" is	jane doe.
one famous person named "jane" is	mansfield.
one famous person named "jane" is	tarzan and jane.
one famous person named "jane" is	goodall.
one thing you might blend is	smoothie.
one thing you might blend is	fruits.
one thing you might blend is	frozen cocktail.
one thing you might blend is	cake mix.
one thing you tap is	foot.
one thing you tap is	table.
one thing you tap is	fingers.
one thing you tap is	drum.
one thing you tap is	pencil.
one thing you tap is	beer keg.
one thing you tap is	feet.
one thing dads do today that they didn't do 50 years ago is	cook.
one thing dads do today that they didn't do 50 years ago is	clean.
one thing dads do today that they didn't do 50 years ago is	stay home with kids.
one thing medieval knights used in combat is	sword.
one thing medieval knights used in combat is	lance.
one thing medieval knights used in combat is	shield.
one thing medieval knights used in combat is	armor.
one thing medieval knights used in combat is	mace.
one thing you might find on a miniature golf course is	golf balls.
one thing you might find on a miniature golf course is	golf clubs.
one thing you might find on a miniature golf course is	windmill.
one thing you might find on a miniature golf course is	holes.
one thing you might find on a miniature golf course is	astroturf.
one thing you would not want to stick your nose into is	other's business.
one thing you would not want to stick your nose into is	poop.
one thing you would not want to stick your nose into is	garbage.
one thing you would not want to stick your nose into is	fight.
one thing you would not want to stick your nose into is	beehive.
one country that ends in 'stan' is	pakistan.
one country that ends in 'stan' is	afghanistan.
one country that ends in 'stan' is	kazakhstan.
one country that ends in 'stan' is	kyrgyzstan.
one thing you fold ("clothes" is not an answer, be more specific) is	t-shirt.
one thing you fold ("clothes" is not an answer, be more specific) is	towels.
one thing you fold ("clothes" is not an answer, be more specific) is	underwear.
one thing you fold ("clothes" is not an answer, be more specific) is	jeans.
one thing you fold ("clothes" is not an answer, be more specific) is	sheets.
one thing you fold ("clothes" is not an answer, be more specific) is	newspaper.
one thing you might do while visiting new york city is	visit statue of liberty.
one thing you might do while visiting new york city is	shop.
one thing you might do while visiting new york city is	see time square.
one thing you might do while visiting new york city is	broadway play.
one thing you might do while visiting new york city is	empire state building.
one thing you might do while visiting new york city is	sightseeing.
one thing people get kicked out of is	school.
one thing people get kicked out of is	bar/nightclub.
one thing people get kicked out of is	house/apartment.
one thing people get kicked out of is	movie theater.
one thing people get kicked out of is	sporting event.
one thing that causes a lot of damage or destruction if it overflows is	toilet.
one thing that causes a lot of damage or destruction if it overflows is	river/dam.
one thing that causes a lot of damage or destruction if it overflows is	bathtub.
one thing that causes a lot of damage or destruction if it overflows is	washing machine.
one thing that causes a lot of damage or destruction if it overflows is	volcano.
one thing that nervous parents do in the passenger seat while their teen is learning to drive is	yell.
one thing that nervous parents do in the passenger seat while their teen is learning to drive is	hold on to something.
one thing that nervous parents do in the passenger seat while their teen is learning to drive is	bite their nails.
one thing that nervous parents do in the passenger seat while their teen is learning to drive is	say a prayer.
one thing that nervous parents do in the passenger seat while their teen is learning to drive is	hit their "brake".
one thing that nervous parents do in the passenger seat while their teen is learning to drive is	close their eyes.
one thing people have delivered on a regular basis is	newspaper.
one thing people have delivered on a regular basis is	mail.
one thing people have delivered on a regular basis is	pizza.
one thing people have delivered on a regular basis is	baby.
one thing people have delivered on a regular basis is	milk.
one thing people have delivered on a regular basis is	groceries.
one thing men think they know more about than women is	cars.
one thing men think they know more about than women is	sports.
one thing men think they know more about than women is	driving.
one thing men think they know more about than women is	everything.
one thing a mom shouldn't still have to do for her grown-up son is	laundry.
one thing a mom shouldn't still have to do for her grown-up son is	cook.
one thing a mom shouldn't still have to do for her grown-up son is	bathe him.
one thing a mom shouldn't still have to do for her grown-up son is	change diaper.
one thing a mom shouldn't still have to do for her grown-up son is	help him dress.
one thing a mom shouldn't still have to do for her grown-up son is	pay bills.
one thing you might see floating in the sky is	balloon.
one thing you might see floating in the sky is	blimp.
one thing you might see floating in the sky is	airplane.
one thing you might see floating in the sky is	clouds.
one thing you might see floating in the sky is	kite.
one place you keep your valuables is	safe.
one place you keep your valuables is	freezer.
one place you keep your valuables is	drawer.
one place you keep your valuables is	safe deposit box.
one thing a guy hates giving up in a divorce is	money.
one thing a guy hates giving up in a divorce is	house.
one thing a guy hates giving up in a divorce is	children/wife.
one thing a guy hates giving up in a divorce is	car.
one thing a guy hates giving up in a divorce is	half.
one thing a guy hates giving up in a divorce is	dog.
one thing most people do not miss about high school is	homework.
one thing most people do not miss about high school is	teachers.
one thing most people do not miss about high school is	science.
one thing most people do not miss about high school is	food.
one thing most people do not miss about high school is	classes.
one thing you might do on facebook is	upload content.
one thing you might do on facebook is	chat.
one thing you might do on facebook is	play games.
one thing you might do on facebook is	stalk.
one thing you might do on facebook is	find people.
one thing you should never try to take from a cowboy is	hat.
one thing you should never try to take from a cowboy is	gun.
one thing you should never try to take from a cowboy is	horse.
one thing you should never try to take from a cowboy is	boots.
one thing you should never try to take from a cowboy is	rope/lasso.
one thing you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom is	stuffed animal.
one thing you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom is	makeup.
one thing you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom is	diary.
one thing you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom is	posters.
one thing you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom is	magazines.
one thing you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom is	photos.
one thing you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom is	mirror.
one thing you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom is	stereo.
one thing you take with you wherever you go is	keys.
one thing you take with you wherever you go is	laptop.
one thing you take with you wherever you go is	cell phone.
one thing you take with you wherever you go is	wallet.
one thing you take with you wherever you go is	credit card.
one thing that keeps kids indoors is	bad weather.
one thing that keeps kids indoors is	illness.
one thing that keeps kids indoors is	tv.
one thing that keeps kids indoors is	computer.
one thing you need if you plan to scuba dive is	oxygen tank.
one thing you need if you plan to scuba dive is	goggles.
one thing you need if you plan to scuba dive is	wetsuit.
one thing you need if you plan to scuba dive is	snorkel.
one thing you need if you plan to scuba dive is	flippers.
one clothing fabric is	cotton.
one clothing fabric is	silk.
one clothing fabric is	nylon.
one clothing fabric is	satin.
one clothing fabric is	wool.
one clothing fabric is	linen.
one thing parents are always telling children they're lucky to have is	parents/family.
one thing parents are always telling children they're lucky to have is	home.
one thing parents are always telling children they're lucky to have is	food.
one thing parents are always telling children they're lucky to have is	education.
one thing parents are always telling children they're lucky to have is	toys.
one thing parents are always telling children they're lucky to have is	tv.
one thing parents are always telling children they're lucky to have is	health.
one thing parents are always telling children they're lucky to have is	life.
the place where you'd most hate to be stood up is	wedding.
the place where you'd most hate to be stood up is	at dinner.
the place where you'd most hate to be stood up is	at a bar.
the place where you'd most hate to be stood up is	at prom.
the place where you'd most hate to be stood up is	at the movies.
one thing that people might go to during the summer is	beaches.
one thing that people might go to during the summer is	concerts.
one thing that people might go to during the summer is	swimming pools.
one thing that people might go to during the summer is	amusement parks.
one thing that people might go to during the summer is	fireworks.
one thing that people might go to during the summer is	parades.
one place you go to once or twice a week is	store.
one place you go to once or twice a week is	gym.
one place you go to once or twice a week is	restaurant.
one place you go to once or twice a week is	work.
one place you go to once or twice a week is	church.
one tv show set in high school is	saved by the bell.
one tv show set in high school is	glee.
one tv show set in high school is	welcome back kotter.
one tv show set in high school is	beverly hills 90210.
one tv show set in high school is	degrassi.
one thing you shouldn't eat before a dental checkup is	candy/chocolate.
one thing you shouldn't eat before a dental checkup is	garlic.
one thing you shouldn't eat before a dental checkup is	onions.
one thing you shouldn't eat before a dental checkup is	gum.
one thing you shouldn't eat before a dental checkup is	nuts/p'nut butter.
one thing a good relationship has is	trust.
one thing a good relationship has is	communication.
one thing a good relationship has is	love.
one thing a good relationship has is	respect.
one game kids better not play inside the house is	game with ball.
one game kids better not play inside the house is	tag.
one game kids better not play inside the house is	hide and seek.
one body part you might need to replace as you get older is	hips.
one body part you might need to replace as you get older is	knee.
one body part you might need to replace as you get older is	teeth.
one body part you might need to replace as you get older is	kidney.
one body part you might need to replace as you get older is	heart.
one weapon a scuba diver might use underwater is	spear gun.
one weapon a scuba diver might use underwater is	knife.
one place you'd hate to find toenail clippings is	kitchen/in food.
one place you'd hate to find toenail clippings is	bedroom/in bed.
one place you'd hate to find toenail clippings is	in bathroom.
one place you'd hate to find toenail clippings is	living room/couch.
one musical instrument played with the mouth is	flute.
one musical instrument played with the mouth is	harmonica.
one musical instrument played with the mouth is	trumpet.
one musical instrument played with the mouth is	clarinet.
one musical instrument played with the mouth is	saxophone.
one thing that, once you learned how to do it, you never forget is	ride a bike.
one thing that, once you learned how to do it, you never forget is	tie shoes.
one thing that, once you learned how to do it, you never forget is	walk.
one thing that, once you learned how to do it, you never forget is	drive.
one thing that can light up the sky is	moon.
one thing that can light up the sky is	street light.
one thing that can light up the sky is	fireworks.
one thing that can light up the sky is	stars.
one attraction you may void because of summer crowds is	amusement parks.
one attraction you may void because of summer crowds is	beaches.
one attraction you may void because of summer crowds is	concerts.
one attraction you may void because of summer crowds is	swimming pools.
one attraction you may void because of summer crowds is	movie theaters.
one thing on a swiss army knife that you would be surprised to see the swiss army fighting with is	can opener.
one thing on a swiss army knife that you would be surprised to see the swiss army fighting with is	corkscrew.
one thing on a swiss army knife that you would be surprised to see the swiss army fighting with is	scissors.
one thing on a swiss army knife that you would be surprised to see the swiss army fighting with is	file.
one thing on a swiss army knife that you would be surprised to see the swiss army fighting with is	nail clippers.
one thing on a swiss army knife that you would be surprised to see the swiss army fighting with is	toothpick.
one insulting thing one person might do with a gift you sent them is	throw it away.
one insulting thing one person might do with a gift you sent them is	take back.
one insulting thing one person might do with a gift you sent them is	re-gift.
one thing that people don't normally pay for in cash is	car.
one thing that people don't normally pay for in cash is	gas.
one thing that people don't normally pay for in cash is	house.
one thing that people don't normally pay for in cash is	food.
one food people throw at politicians is	tomatoes/fruit.
one food people throw at politicians is	eggs.
one food people throw at politicians is	pies.
one food people throw at politicians is	rice.
one bad place for a ball to land on a golf course is	water.
one bad place for a ball to land on a golf course is	sand.
the first thing you would replace if you came into some money is	car.
the first thing you would replace if you came into some money is	house.
the first thing you would replace if you came into some money is	clothes.
the first thing you would replace if you came into some money is	bed.
the first thing you would replace if you came into some money is	kitchen.
the first thing you would replace if you came into some money is	washer.
the first thing you would replace if you came into some money is	windows.
one thing a child does to prove to his parents he's too sick for school is	cough.
one thing a child does to prove to his parents he's too sick for school is	vomit.
one thing a child does to prove to his parents he's too sick for school is	cry.
one thing a child does to prove to his parents he's too sick for school is	take temperature.
one thing a man might hide right before he divorces his wife is	money.
one thing a man might hide right before he divorces his wife is	affair.
one thing a man might hide right before he divorces his wife is	phone numbers.
one thing a man might hide right before he divorces his wife is	letters.
one thing a man might hide right before he divorces his wife is	wedding ring.
one thing a man might hide right before he divorces his wife is	photos.
one thing a man might hide right before he divorces his wife is	new address.
one command on your remote control that you wish you could use in your daily life is	mute/ volume.
one command on your remote control that you wish you could use in your daily life is	pause.
one command on your remote control that you wish you could use in your daily life is	rewind.
one command on your remote control that you wish you could use in your daily life is	stop.
one command on your remote control that you wish you could use in your daily life is	fast forward.
one command on your remote control that you wish you could use in your daily life is	off/ power.
one thing specific that moms are always telling their kids to put on is	jacket/sweater.
one thing specific that moms are always telling their kids to put on is	sunscreen.
one thing specific that moms are always telling their kids to put on is	shoes.
one thing specific that moms are always telling their kids to put on is	seat belt.
one thing specific that moms are always telling their kids to put on is	hat/hood.
one possession men like to boast about having is	nice car.
one possession men like to boast about having is	money.
one possession men like to boast about having is	boat.
one possession men like to boast about having is	gun.
one possession men like to boast about having is	motorcycle.
one possession men like to boast about having is	women.
one possession men like to boast about having is	truck.
one thing a dentist might give you is	toothbrush.
one thing a dentist might give you is	anesthesia.
one thing a dentist might give you is	fillings.
one thing a dentist might give you is	floss.
one thing a dentist might give you is	root canal.
one greek god that everyone knows is	zeus.
one greek god that everyone knows is	poseidon.
one greek god that everyone knows is	hera.
one greek god that everyone knows is	ares.
one greek god that everyone knows is	aphrodite.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	repairing it.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	it.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	fixing it.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	cleaning.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	ornaments.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	mistletoe.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	ivy.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	holly.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	decorations.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	scrubbing.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	organizing.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	tidying.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	fix antenna.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	aerial.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	antenna.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	adjust antenna.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	sphere.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	soccer.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	softball.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	ball.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	orb.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	kickball.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	dodgeball.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	hardball.
one reason you might be up on your roof is	football.
one country you feel the us should defend if the country was threatened is	canada.
one country you feel the us should defend if the country was threatened is	england.
one country you feel the us should defend if the country was threatened is	israel.
one country you feel the us should defend if the country was threatened is	united states.
one country you feel the us should defend if the country was threatened is	france.
one thing you would need if you wanted to be a lawyer is	degree.
one thing you would need if you wanted to be a lawyer is	briefcase.
one thing you would need if you wanted to be a lawyer is	money.
one thing you would need if you wanted to be a lawyer is	brains.
one thing you would need if you wanted to be a lawyer is	integrity.
one thing you would need if you wanted to be a lawyer is	secretary.
one household item people often buy on credit is	television.
one household item people often buy on credit is	sofa.
one household item people often buy on credit is	refrigerator.
one household item people often buy on credit is	stove.
one household item people often buy on credit is	washing machine.
one household item people often buy on credit is	computer.
one thing people change on a regular basis is	clothes.
one thing people change on a regular basis is	tv channel.
one thing people change on a regular basis is	their minds.
one thing people change on a regular basis is	hair.
one snack you might have at the movies is	popcorn.
one snack you might have at the movies is	nacho.
one snack you might have at the movies is	milk-duds.
one snack you might have at the movies is	sno-caps.
one thing a person having a midlife crisis might do is	buy a sports car.
one thing a person having a midlife crisis might do is	have an affair.
one thing a person having a midlife crisis might do is	drink.
one thing a person having a midlife crisis might do is	change appearance.
one thing a person having a midlife crisis might do is	change jobs.
one movie that has magic in it is	harry potter.
one movie that has magic in it is	hocus pocus.
one movie that has magic in it is	cinderella.
one movie that has magic in it is	now you see me.
one movie that has magic in it is	practical magic.
one thing a caveman might use to fight a sabre-toothed tiger is	club.
one thing a caveman might use to fight a sabre-toothed tiger is	spear.
one thing specific that a person might have that he or she won't tell you is really fake is	jewelry.
one thing specific that a person might have that he or she won't tell you is really fake is	breasts.
one thing specific that a person might have that he or she won't tell you is really fake is	hair.
one thing specific that a person might have that he or she won't tell you is really fake is	teeth.
one thing doctors tell us to avoid is	smoking.
one thing doctors tell us to avoid is	fat.
one thing doctors tell us to avoid is	salt.
one thing doctors tell us to avoid is	cholesterol.
one thing doctors tell us to avoid is	stress.
one thing doctors tell us to avoid is	red meat.
one thing you might see smoke coming out of is	chimney.
one thing you might see smoke coming out of is	car.
one thing you might see smoke coming out of is	pipe.
one thing you might see smoke coming out of is	barbecue.
one thing you might see smoke coming out of is	house.
one thing you might see smoke coming out of is	train.
one thing you might see smoke coming out of is	factory.
one food a pregnant woman might crave is	pickles.
one food a pregnant woman might crave is	ice cream.
one food a pregnant woman might crave is	chocolate.
one food a pregnant woman might crave is	french fries.
one thing a department store santa might hate about his job is	hates the kids.
one thing a department store santa might hate about his job is	hates the adults.
one thing a department store santa might hate about his job is	hates the costume.
one thing a department store santa might hate about his job is	hates the hours.
one thing a department store santa might hate about his job is	hates sitting.
one thing dogs do that cats probably think is really stupid is	bark.
one thing dogs do that cats probably think is really stupid is	chase tail.
one thing dogs do that cats probably think is really stupid is	chase cats.
one thing dogs do that cats probably think is really stupid is	sniff stuff.
one thing dogs do that cats probably think is really stupid is	lick stuff.
one thing dogs do that cats probably think is really stupid is	car chasing.
one thing specific one person might ask for when ordering a hamburger is	well done.
one thing specific one person might ask for when ordering a hamburger is	cheese.
one thing specific one person might ask for when ordering a hamburger is	onions.
one thing specific one person might ask for when ordering a hamburger is	medium.
one thing specific one person might ask for when ordering a hamburger is	ketchup.
one thing specific one person might ask for when ordering a hamburger is	pickles.
one place where you have to keep quiet is	public library.
one place where you have to keep quiet is	church.
one place where you have to keep quiet is	hospital.
one place where you have to keep quiet is	court.
one thing that's bigger on miss universe than on mr universe is	chest.
one thing that's bigger on miss universe than on mr universe is	hair.
one thing that's bigger on miss universe than on mr universe is	crown.
one gift a woman might receive at a baby shower is	diapers.
one gift a woman might receive at a baby shower is	clothes.
one gift a woman might receive at a baby shower is	crib sheets.
one gift a woman might receive at a baby shower is	stroller.
one gift a woman might receive at a baby shower is	crib.
one gift a woman might receive at a baby shower is	diaper bag.
one gift a woman might receive at a baby shower is	bottles.
one gift a woman might receive at a baby shower is	baby toys.
one expense that's likely to skyrocket with a teen in the house is	food.
one expense that's likely to skyrocket with a teen in the house is	clothing.
one expense that's likely to skyrocket with a teen in the house is	phone.
one expense that's likely to skyrocket with a teen in the house is	car insurance.
one thing you see inside a pyramid is	mummy.
one thing you see inside a pyramid is	tomb.
one thing you see inside a pyramid is	pharaoh.
one thing you see inside a pyramid is	gold.
one thing you see inside a pyramid is	hieroglyphics.
one thing specific you might hide is	money.
one thing specific you might hide is	jewelry.
one thing specific you might hide is	diary.
one thing specific you might hide is	gifts.
one thing specific you might hide is	keys.
one thing that comes in a spray can is	hair spray.
one thing that comes in a spray can is	spray paint.
one thing that comes in a spray can is	air freshener.
one thing that comes in a spray can is	deodorant.
one thing that comes in a spray can is	easy cheese.
one thing that comes in a spray can is	bug spray.
one thing you hate to wash is	dishes.
one thing you hate to wash is	car.
one thing you hate to wash is	clothes.
one thing you hate to wash is	dog.
one thing you hate to wash is	underwear.
one thing you hate to wash is	socks.
one thing bats do that people don't is	sleep during day.
one thing bats do that people don't is	sleep upside down.
one thing bats do that people don't is	fly.
one thing a computer has that a typewriter does not is	monitor.
one thing a computer has that a typewriter does not is	mouse.
one thing a computer has that a typewriter does not is	hard drive.
one thing a computer has that a typewriter does not is	memory.
one thing a computer has that a typewriter does not is	printer.
one thing a computer has that a typewriter does not is	modem.
one superstition that many brides follow on their wedding day is	old new borrow blue.
one superstition that many brides follow on their wedding day is	don't see groom before.
one high school subject that kids consider difficult is	mathematics.
one high school subject that kids consider difficult is	chemistry.
one high school subject that kids consider difficult is	english.
one high school subject that kids consider difficult is	physics.
one high school subject that kids consider difficult is	biology.
one thing your body tells you it's time to do is	sleep.
one thing your body tells you it's time to do is	go to bathroom.
one thing your body tells you it's time to do is	eat.
one thing your body tells you it's time to do is	wake up.
one thing teenagers teach their parents how to use is	computer.
one thing teenagers teach their parents how to use is	mobile phone.
one thing teenagers teach their parents how to use is	ipod.
one thing teenagers teach their parents how to use is	video game.
one thing teenagers teach their parents how to use is	electronics.
one reason people give to their bosses, when they ask for a raise is	work hard.
one reason people give to their bosses, when they ask for a raise is	cost of living.
one reason people give to their bosses, when they ask for a raise is	extra duty.
one reason people give to their bosses, when they ask for a raise is	family.
one reason people give to their bosses, when they ask for a raise is	worked for years.
one reason people give to their bosses, when they ask for a raise is	better job offer.
one big city in texas is	houston.
one big city in texas is	dallas.
one big city in texas is	austin.
one big city in texas is	san antonio.
one place where you'd see a diamond is	jewelry store.
one place where you'd see a diamond is	ring.
one animal that is also an astrological sign is	lion.
one animal that is also an astrological sign is	bull.
one animal that is also an astrological sign is	ram.
one animal that is also an astrological sign is	scorpion.
one part of the body that doesn't get sunburned is	backside.
one part of the body that doesn't get sunburned is	soles of feet.
one part of the body that doesn't get sunburned is	eyes.
one part of the body that doesn't get sunburned is	armpit.
one sport that requires protective clothing is	cricket.
one sport that requires protective clothing is	hockey.
one sport that requires protective clothing is	lacrosse.
one sport that requires protective clothing is	rugby.
one sport that requires protective clothing is	fencing.
one sport that requires protective clothing is	baseball.
one sport that requires protective clothing is	boxing.
one sport that requires protective clothing is	football.
one thing you might only wear on a special occasion is	dress.
one thing you might only wear on a special occasion is	tuxedos.
one thing you might only wear on a special occasion is	jewelry.
one thing you might only wear on a special occasion is	tie.
one thing you might only wear on a special occasion is	a suit.
one thing you might only wear on a special occasion is	high heels.
one thing that grows back is	hair.
one thing that grows back is	grass.
one thing that grows back is	nails.
one thing that grows back is	flowers.
one thing that grows back is	weeds.
one punishment children get for bad behavior that wouldn't be very effective to use on criminals is	time out.
one punishment children get for bad behavior that wouldn't be very effective to use on criminals is	spanking.
one punishment children get for bad behavior that wouldn't be very effective to use on criminals is	grounded.
one punishment children get for bad behavior that wouldn't be very effective to use on criminals is	no tv.
one punishment children get for bad behavior that wouldn't be very effective to use on criminals is	sent to bed.
one punishment children get for bad behavior that wouldn't be very effective to use on criminals is	no toys/games.
one thing you gain as you get older is	wisdom.
one thing you gain as you get older is	patience.
one thing you gain as you get older is	gray hair.
one thing you gain as you get older is	children.
one food or drink that begins with the word "hot" is	hot tamale.
one food or drink that begins with the word "hot" is	hot chocolate.
one food or drink that begins with the word "hot" is	hot coffee.
one food or drink that begins with the word "hot" is	hot dog.
one food or drink that begins with the word "hot" is	hot cross buns.
one food or drink that begins with the word "hot" is	hot tea.
one part of the fish you wouldn't want to find in your fish sticks is	eyes.
one part of the fish you wouldn't want to find in your fish sticks is	bones.
one part of the fish you wouldn't want to find in your fish sticks is	head.
one part of the fish you wouldn't want to find in your fish sticks is	tail.
one part of the fish you wouldn't want to find in your fish sticks is	fins.
one part of the fish you wouldn't want to find in your fish sticks is	intestines.
one thing that people typically trip over is	cables.
one thing that people typically trip over is	shoes.
one thing that people typically trip over is	carpet.
one thing that people typically trip over is	toys.
one thing that people typically trip over is	pets.
one thing that people typically trip over is	stairs.
one thing you bring indoors when it starts raining is	pet.
one thing you bring indoors when it starts raining is	patio furniture.
one thing you bring indoors when it starts raining is	clothes/laundry.
one thing you bring indoors when it starts raining is	myself/kids.
one book you go to for answers is	dictionary.
one book you go to for answers is	encyclopedia.
one book you go to for answers is	bible.
one book you go to for answers is	cookbook.
one book you go to for answers is	almanac.
one thing you have a one in a million chance of experiencing is	lottery win.
one thing you have a one in a million chance of experiencing is	true love.
one thing you have a one in a million chance of experiencing is	fame.
one thing you have a one in a million chance of experiencing is	lightning strike.
one thing you could ask during a job interview that might make the person think twice about hiring you is	salary.
one thing you could ask during a job interview that might make the person think twice about hiring you is	vacation.
one thing you could ask during a job interview that might make the person think twice about hiring you is	long hours.
one thing you could ask during a job interview that might make the person think twice about hiring you is	breaks.
one thing people file for is	divorce.
one thing people file for is	taxes.
one thing people use an excuse to get out of is	work.
one thing people use an excuse to get out of is	school.
one thing people use an excuse to get out of is	jury duty.
one thing people use an excuse to get out of is	date.
one thing people use an excuse to get out of is	party.
one thing you should do when there is a heat warning is	stay home.
one thing you should do when there is a heat warning is	drink water.
one thing you should do when there is a heat warning is	use ac.
one thing you should do when there is a heat warning is	go swimming.
one thing a woman does when she turns fifty is	cries.
one thing a woman does when she turns fifty is	facelift.
one thing a woman does when she turns fifty is	celebrate.
one thing a woman does when she turns fifty is	dyes hair.
one thing a woman does when she turns fifty is	menopause.
one thing a woman does when she turns fifty is	makeover.
one thing a woman does when she turns fifty is	lies about age.
one thing a woman does when she turns fifty is	takes a vacation.
one way people listened to music before ipods is	radio.
one way people listened to music before ipods is	cd player.
one way people listened to music before ipods is	cassette.
one way people listened to music before ipods is	vinyl records.
one thing kids learn at preschool is	alphabet.
one thing kids learn at preschool is	counting.
one thing kids learn at preschool is	painting.
one thing kids learn at preschool is	reading.
one thing kids learn at preschool is	colouring.
one thing kids learn at preschool is	english.
one thing people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it is	money.
one thing people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it is	keys.
one thing people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it is	jewelry.
one thing people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it is	teeth.
one thing people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it is	papers.
one thing people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it is	creditcards.
one thing people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it is	credit cards.
one thing you hate to see people doing at salad bars is	using fingers.
one thing you hate to see people doing at salad bars is	sneezing/coughing.
one thing you hate to see people doing at salad bars is	putting it back.
one thing you hate to see people doing at salad bars is	taste/sampling.
one thing you hate to see people doing at salad bars is	taking too long.
one thing you would never see donald trump without is	money.
one thing you would never see donald trump without is	dating.
one thing you would never see donald trump without is	haircut.
one thing you would never see donald trump without is	nice clothes.
one thing a kid might put off until the end of summer is	reading.
one thing a kid might put off until the end of summer is	homework.
one thing a kid might put off until the end of summer is	cleaning.
one thing a kid might put off until the end of summer is	hair cut.
one thing a kid might put off until the end of summer is	shopping.
one thing a kid might put off until the end of summer is	studying.
one place people go when they might take a lot of coins with them is	casinos.
one place people go when they might take a lot of coins with them is	video arcade.
one place people go when they might take a lot of coins with them is	laundromat.
one place people go when they might take a lot of coins with them is	bank.
one thing that has a screen is	television.
one thing that has a screen is	computers.
one thing that has a screen is	door.
one thing that has a screen is	windows.
one thing that has a screen is	cell phone.
one thing that has a screen is	movie theater.
one thing you might clean is	bathroom.
one thing you might clean is	kitchen.
one thing you might clean is	dishes.
one thing you might clean is	clothes.
one reason you might not want to go into a swimming pool is	dirty.
one reason you might not want to go into a swimming pool is	cannot swim.
one reason you might not want to go into a swimming pool is	cold.
one reason you might not want to go into a swimming pool is	afraid.
one reason you might not want to go into a swimming pool is	just ate.
one specific part of a skinny dipper that usually doesn't look so skinny is	bottom.
one specific part of a skinny dipper that usually doesn't look so skinny is	stomach.
one specific part of a skinny dipper that usually doesn't look so skinny is	chest.
one specific part of a skinny dipper that usually doesn't look so skinny is	hips.
one specific part of a skinny dipper that usually doesn't look so skinny is	thighs.
one brand you can recognize just from its logo is	nike.
one brand you can recognize just from its logo is	kellogg's.
one brand you can recognize just from its logo is	mcdonald's.
one brand you can recognize just from its logo is	campbell's.
one brand you can recognize just from its logo is	polo.
one brand you can recognize just from its logo is	coca cola.
one brand you can recognize just from its logo is	apple.
one movie that contains the word "king" is	the king & i.
one movie that contains the word "king" is	lion king.
one movie that contains the word "king" is	king kong.
one movie that contains the word "king" is	kingpin.
one movie that contains the word "king" is	man who would be.
one movie that contains the word "king" is	three kings.
one instance where a teenager might get sweaty palms is	first date/dance.
one instance where a teenager might get sweaty palms is	test.
one instance where a teenager might get sweaty palms is	lying.
one instance where a teenager might get sweaty palms is	public speaking.
one thing people call the police to report is	burglary.
one thing people call the police to report is	noisy neighbors.
one thing people call the police to report is	accidents.
one thing people call the police to report is	a cookie.
one thing people call the police to report is	stolen car.
one thing people call the police to report is	vandalism.
one thing kids are told will happen if they eat all their vegetables is	grow strong.
one thing kids are told will happen if they eat all their vegetables is	get dessert.
one thing kids are told will happen if they eat all their vegetables is	be healthy.
one thing kids are told will happen if they eat all their vegetables is	better vision.
one thing kids are told will happen if they eat all their vegetables is	hair on chest.
one thing you put on pizza is	cheese.
one thing you put on pizza is	pepperoni.
one thing you put on pizza is	mushroom.
one thing you put on pizza is	sausage.
one thing you put on pizza is	sauce.
one thing you put on pizza is	garlic.
one type of person who carries a sword is	knight.
one type of person who carries a sword is	marine.
one type of person who carries a sword is	gladiator.
one type of person who carries a sword is	samurai.
one type of person who carries a sword is	musketeer.
one type of person who carries a sword is	soldier.
one thing a parent might take away from a child who is being punished is	tv.
one thing a parent might take away from a child who is being punished is	toy.
one thing a parent might take away from a child who is being punished is	video game.
one animal hikers fear running into is	bear.
one animal hikers fear running into is	mountain lion.
one thing in your house that's easy to break is	glasses.
one thing in your house that's easy to break is	chinaware.
one thing in your house that's easy to break is	windows.
one thing in your house that's easy to break is	mirrors.
one thing in your house that's easy to break is	vase.
one thing in your house that's easy to break is	lamps.
one place a kid might store their toys is	toy box.
one place a kid might store their toys is	closet.
one place a kid might store their toys is	under bed.
one thing people get on and get off is	bus.
one thing people get on and get off is	horse.
one thing people get on and get off is	train.
one thing people get on and get off is	bikes.
one thing people get on and get off is	feet.
one occupation in which you meet a lot of drunk people is	bartender.
one occupation in which you meet a lot of drunk people is	police officer.
one occupation in which you meet a lot of drunk people is	bouncer.
one occupation in which you meet a lot of drunk people is	waitress.
one occupation in which you meet a lot of drunk people is	rehab/aa.
one celebrity people would want to go to the beach with is	brad pitt.
one celebrity people would want to go to the beach with is	pamela anderson.
one celebrity people would want to go to the beach with is	jennifer lopez.
one celebrity people would want to go to the beach with is	george clooney.
one celebrity people would want to go to the beach with is	channing tatum.
one celebrity people would want to go to the beach with is	angelina jolie.
one celebrity people would want to go to the beach with is	david hasselhoff.
one celebrity people would want to go to the beach with is	denzel washington.
one trait you would need to have if you wanted to be an nfl player is	super speed.
one trait you would need to have if you wanted to be an nfl player is	strength.
one trait you would need to have if you wanted to be an nfl player is	coordination.
one trait you would need to have if you wanted to be an nfl player is	toughness.
one trait you would need to have if you wanted to be an nfl player is	agility.
one way people pass time at an airport is	read.
one way people pass time at an airport is	sleep.
one way people pass time at an airport is	eat.
one way people pass time at an airport is	go to the bar.
one way people pass time at an airport is	listen to music.
one job that is physically demanding is	construction work.
one job that is physically demanding is	fire fighter.
one job that is physically demanding is	personal trainer.
one job that is physically demanding is	athlete.
one thing you worry you won't have money for is	retirement.
one thing you worry you won't have money for is	bills.
one thing you worry you won't have money for is	college.
one thing you worry you won't have money for is	food.
one thing you worry you won't have money for is	gas.
one thing you worry you won't have money for is	entertainment.
one thing you worry you won't have money for is	new car.
one thing you worry you won't have money for is	medical.
one thing people keep in the attic is	clothes.
one thing people keep in the attic is	christmas decorations.
one thing people keep in the attic is	boxes.
one thing people keep in the attic is	furniture.
one thing people keep in the attic is	pictures 15.
one outdated form of communication is	letters.
one outdated form of communication is	pager.
one outdated form of communication is	telegram.
one outdated form of communication is	telegraph.
one outdated form of communication is	mail.
one outdated form of communication is	payphone.
one outdated form of communication is	morse code.
one place you go to hear music is	concerts.
one place you go to hear music is	night club.
one place you go to hear music is	bars.
one place you go to hear music is	car.
one place you go to hear music is	opera.
one reason why couples elope is	finances.
one reason why couples elope is	family problems.
one reason why couples elope is	love/want to.
one reason why couples elope is	"with child".
one reason why couples elope is	they're dumb/nuts.
one specific part of batman's costume is	cape.
one specific part of batman's costume is	mask.
one occupation where a woman works hard for the money is	waitress.
one occupation where a woman works hard for the money is	cleaning.
one occupation where a woman works hard for the money is	construction.
one occupation where a woman works hard for the money is	nursing.
one occupation where a woman works hard for the money is	house wife.
one occupation where a woman works hard for the money is	teaching.
one occupation where a woman works hard for the money is	factory worker.
one thing you might lose on the dance floor is	wallet.
one thing you might lose on the dance floor is	keys.
one thing you might lose on the dance floor is	earrings.
one thing you might lose on the dance floor is	dignity.
one thing you drink out of the bottle is	soda.
one thing you drink out of the bottle is	water.
one thing you drink out of the bottle is	beer.
one thing you drink out of the bottle is	juice.
one thing a woman looks forward to that a man dreads is	shopping.
one thing a woman looks forward to that a man dreads is	wedding/party.
one thing a woman looks forward to that a man dreads is	going out/dinner.
one thing a woman looks forward to that a man dreads is	anniversary.
one thing a woman looks forward to that a man dreads is	time with in-laws.
one thing a woman looks forward to that a man dreads is	valentine's day.
one thing you buy for a dog is	bone.
one thing you buy for a dog is	collar.
one thing you buy for a dog is	food.
one thing you buy for a dog is	leash.
one thing you buy for a dog is	ball.
one thing you buy for a dog is	kennel.
one thing you buy for a dog is	biscuits.
one occupation kids think is heroic is	firefighter.
one occupation kids think is heroic is	police officer.
one occupation kids think is heroic is	astronaut.
one occupation kids think is heroic is	pilot.
one occupation kids think is heroic is	pro athlete.
one occupation kids think is heroic is	race car driver.
one thing specific your mom is always sure to give you for christmas is	socks.
one thing specific your mom is always sure to give you for christmas is	money.
one thing specific your mom is always sure to give you for christmas is	underwear.
one thing specific your mom is always sure to give you for christmas is	candy/cookies.
one thing specific your mom is always sure to give you for christmas is	pajamas.
one thing specific your mom is always sure to give you for christmas is	guilt trip.
one job which you need to wash your hands often is	nurse.
one job which you need to wash your hands often is	cook.
one thing you need to play trivial pursuit is	cards.
one thing you need to play trivial pursuit is	players.
one thing you need to play trivial pursuit is	board.
one thing you need to play trivial pursuit is	dice.
one thing you need to play trivial pursuit is	knowledge.
one thing you need to play trivial pursuit is	a good memory.
one thing you would stop eating if you wanted to lose weight is	candy.
one thing you would stop eating if you wanted to lose weight is	hamburders.
one thing you would stop eating if you wanted to lose weight is	cake.
one thing you would stop eating if you wanted to lose weight is	ice cream.
one thing you would stop eating if you wanted to lose weight is	bread.
one thing you would stop eating if you wanted to lose weight is	chips.
one kind of doctor who would shock you if they asked you to get undressed is	dentist.
one kind of doctor who would shock you if they asked you to get undressed is	optometrist.
one kind of doctor who would shock you if they asked you to get undressed is	vet.
one kind of doctor who would shock you if they asked you to get undressed is	podiatrist.
one kind of doctor who would shock you if they asked you to get undressed is	psychologist.
one kind of doctor who would shock you if they asked you to get undressed is	gp.
one thing you need relief from on occasion is	kids.
one thing you need relief from on occasion is	illness.
one thing you need relief from on occasion is	work.
one thing you need relief from on occasion is	school.
one thing you need relief from on occasion is	stress.
one thing you need relief from on occasion is	bills.
one thing you need relief from on occasion is	lousy weather.
one specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures is	taffy.
one specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures is	gum/gummy candy.
one specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures is	hard candy/sucker.
one specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures is	milk duds/caramel.
one specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures is	sugar daddy/slo-poke.
one specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures is	heath/toffee.
one specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures is	licorice.
one us state everyone wants to live in is	florida.
one us state everyone wants to live in is	california.
one us state everyone wants to live in is	hawaii.
one us state everyone wants to live in is	new york.
one us state everyone wants to live in is	colorado.
one thing an accountant stocks up on for tax season is	pencils/pens.
one thing an accountant stocks up on for tax season is	paper.
one thing an accountant stocks up on for tax season is	forms.
one thing an accountant stocks up on for tax season is	envelopes.
one thing an accountant stocks up on for tax season is	stamps.
one thing an accountant stocks up on for tax season is	calculators.
one job that teenagers do when they need money is	restaurant worker.
one job that teenagers do when they need money is	yard work.
one job that teenagers do when they need money is	babysit.
one job that teenagers do when they need money is	supermarket.
one job that teenagers do when they need money is	lifeguard.
one place where people are required to show id is	bar.
one place where people are required to show id is	store.
one place where people are required to show id is	bank.
one place where people are required to show id is	airport.
one thing people do in bed that might annoy the person they are sleeping with is	snore.
one thing people do in bed that might annoy the person they are sleeping with is	steal blanket.
one thing people do in bed that might annoy the person they are sleeping with is	pass gas.
one thing people do in bed that might annoy the person they are sleeping with is	read.
one thing people do in bed that might annoy the person they are sleeping with is	eat.
one common last name is	smith.
one common last name is	jones.
one common last name is	taylor.
one common last name is	williams.
one common last name is	brown.
one sport in which foreign athletes are usually superior to americans is	soccer.
one sport in which foreign athletes are usually superior to americans is	hockey.
one sport in which foreign athletes are usually superior to americans is	gymnastics.
one sport in which foreign athletes are usually superior to americans is	running/track.
one sport in which foreign athletes are usually superior to americans is	basketball.
one color a pirate would not want his flag to be is	pink.
one color a pirate would not want his flag to be is	all white.
one color a pirate would not want his flag to be is	red.
one color a pirate would not want his flag to be is	yellow.
one color a pirate would not want his flag to be is	black.
one color a pirate would not want his flag to be is	orange.
one occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance is	anniversary.
one occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance is	valentine's day.
one occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance is	cleaning house.
one occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance is	wedding.
one occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance is	birthday.
one occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance is	mother's day.
one occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance is	hair appointment.
one movie or tv show that was set in outer space is	star trek.
one movie or tv show that was set in outer space is	star wars.
one movie or tv show that was set in outer space is	lost in space.
one movie or tv show that was set in outer space is	apollo 13.
one movie or tv show that was set in outer space is	2001 space ody...
one movie or tv show that was set in outer space is	armageddon.
one reason a person might not be hired for a job is	no experience.
one reason a person might not be hired for a job is	criminal record.
one reason a person might not be hired for a job is	appearance.
one reason a person might not be hired for a job is	bad attitude.
one thing you wouldn't let people do in your house if you hosted thanksgiving is	smoke.
one thing you wouldn't let people do in your house if you hosted thanksgiving is	drink.
one thing you wouldn't let people do in your house if you hosted thanksgiving is	wear shoes.
one thing you wouldn't let people do in your house if you hosted thanksgiving is	clean.
one thing you wouldn't let people do in your house if you hosted thanksgiving is	eat in living room.
one us national park is	yellowstone.
one us national park is	yosemite.
one us national park is	grand canyon.
one us national park is	everglades.
one reason why your eyes might tear up is	chopping onions.
one reason why your eyes might tear up is	crying.
one reason why your eyes might tear up is	allergies.
one reason why your eyes might tear up is	sad.
one reason why your eyes might tear up is	dirt in eyes.
one reason why your eyes might tear up is	cold weather.
one job that involves horses is	jockey.
one job that involves horses is	rancher.
one job that involves horses is	veterinarian.
one job that involves horses is	horse trainer.
one job that involves horses is	stablehand.
one job that involves horses is	policeman.
one person you try to keep your personal problems from is	parents.
one person you try to keep your personal problems from is	boss.
one person you try to keep your personal problems from is	everyone.
one person you try to keep your personal problems from is	children.
one person you try to keep your personal problems from is	coworkers.
one person you try to keep your personal problems from is	friends.
one person you try to keep your personal problems from is	in-laws.
one job that requires a lot of public speaking is	politician.
one job that requires a lot of public speaking is	lawyer.
one job that requires a lot of public speaking is	broadcaster.
one job that requires a lot of public speaking is	teacher.
one job that requires a lot of public speaking is	motivational speaker.
one thing a cow might be doing that might make it a bad time to milk her is	eating/grazing.
one thing a cow might be doing that might make it a bad time to milk her is	she's going potty.
one thing a cow might be doing that might make it a bad time to milk her is	she's sleeping.
one thing a cow might be doing that might make it a bad time to milk her is	giving birth.
one thing a cow might be doing that might make it a bad time to milk her is	she's mating.
one thing you wouldn't want your parents catching you doing is	smoking cigarettes.
one thing you wouldn't want your parents catching you doing is	skipping class.
one thing you wouldn't want your parents catching you doing is	kissing.
one gift you bring one person who's invited you for dinner is	wine.
one gift you bring one person who's invited you for dinner is	flowers/plant.
one gift you bring one person who's invited you for dinner is	cake/pie.
one gift you bring one person who's invited you for dinner is	box of candy.
one gift you bring one person who's invited you for dinner is	candle.
one man who is famous for dancing in the movies is	john travolta.
one man who is famous for dancing in the movies is	fred astaire.
one man who is famous for dancing in the movies is	travolta.
one man who is famous for dancing in the movies is	astaire.
one man who is famous for dancing in the movies is	ricky martin.
one man who is famous for dancing in the movies is	sammy davis jr.
one man who is famous for dancing in the movies is	will smith.
one man who is famous for dancing in the movies is	gregory hines.
one thing that most children can operate better than their parents is	computer.
one thing that most children can operate better than their parents is	video games.
one thing that most children can operate better than their parents is	bike.
one thing that most children can operate better than their parents is	dvd player.
one thing that most children can operate better than their parents is	cellular phone.
one vehicle that's harder to operate than a car is	truck.
one vehicle that's harder to operate than a car is	airplane.
one vehicle that's harder to operate than a car is	motorcycle.
one vehicle that's harder to operate than a car is	tractor.
one vehicle that's harder to operate than a car is	forklift.
one vehicle that's harder to operate than a car is	army tank.
one vehicle that's harder to operate than a car is	lawn mower.
one thing you have in your bed at home that they might not let you keep in a hospital bed is	my mate.
one thing you have in your bed at home that they might not let you keep in a hospital bed is	my pet.
one thing you have in your bed at home that they might not let you keep in a hospital bed is	my blanket/sheets.
one thing you have in your bed at home that they might not let you keep in a hospital bed is	my pillow.
one thing you have in your bed at home that they might not let you keep in a hospital bed is	my stuffed animal.
one part of the body that often gets sunburned is	face.
one part of the body that often gets sunburned is	arms.
one part of the body that often gets sunburned is	nose.
one part of the body that often gets sunburned is	shoulders.
one part of the body that often gets sunburned is	back.
one thing you've "borrowed" from a hotel room is	towels.
one thing you've "borrowed" from a hotel room is	soap.
one thing you've "borrowed" from a hotel room is	shampoo/condition.
one thing you've "borrowed" from a hotel room is	pillow.
one thing you've "borrowed" from a hotel room is	glasses/dishes.
one thing you've "borrowed" from a hotel room is	robes.
one thing you've "borrowed" from a hotel room is	ashtray.
one thing you'd find in a hotel room is	bed.
one thing you'd find in a hotel room is	bible.
one thing you'd find in a hotel room is	mini bar.
one thing you'd find in a hotel room is	towels.
one thing you'd find in a hotel room is	tv.
one thing you'd find in a hotel room is	phone.
one clothing store that you would be embarrassed to see your parent shopping at is	victoria's secret.
one clothing store that you would be embarrassed to see your parent shopping at is	hot topic.
one clothing store that you would be embarrassed to see your parent shopping at is	abercrombie & fitch.
one clothing store that you would be embarrassed to see your parent shopping at is	forever 21.
one stationery item people sneak home from the office is	pens.
one stationery item people sneak home from the office is	paper clips.
one stationery item people sneak home from the office is	paper.
one stationery item people sneak home from the office is	envelopes.
one stationery item people sneak home from the office is	stamps.
one stationery item people sneak home from the office is	tape.
one stationery item people sneak home from the office is	rubber bands.
one stationery item people sneak home from the office is	staples.
one thing you might see at a 4th of july party is	fireworks.
one thing you might see at a 4th of july party is	american flag.
one thing you might see at a 4th of july party is	watermelon.
one thing you might see at a 4th of july party is	hamburgers.
one thing you might see at a 4th of july party is	barbecue.
one thing you might do to prepare for the first day of school is	haircut.
one thing you might do to prepare for the first day of school is	pick an outfit.
one thing you might do to prepare for the first day of school is	pack backpack.
one thing you might do to prepare for the first day of school is	sleep.
one thing about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad is	attitude.
one thing about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad is	breath.
one thing about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad is	weight.
one thing about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad is	personality.
one thing about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad is	haircut.
one thing about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad is	looks.
one thing about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad is	clothes.
one thing about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad is	body odor.
one thing a country western singer sings about but a rapper wouldn't is	lovesickness.
one thing a country western singer sings about but a rapper wouldn't is	his horse.
one thing a country western singer sings about but a rapper wouldn't is	his dog.
one thing a country western singer sings about but a rapper wouldn't is	cowboys.
one thing a country western singer sings about but a rapper wouldn't is	a pickup truck.
one thing a country western singer sings about but a rapper wouldn't is	the farm.
one thing that gives men a feeling of power is	money.
one thing that gives men a feeling of power is	car.
one thing that gives men a feeling of power is	job.
one thing that gives men a feeling of power is	their ego.
one thing that gives men a feeling of power is	women.
one thing that gives men a feeling of power is	gun.
one popular color for a house is	white.
one popular color for a house is	grey.
one popular color for a house is	beige.
one popular color for a house is	tan.
one popular color for a house is	blue.
one popular color for a house is	green.
one popular color for a house is	yellow.
one thing you might see when visiting rome is	vatican.
one thing you might see when visiting rome is	coliseum.
one thing you might see when visiting rome is	pope.
one thing you might see when visiting rome is	trevi fountain.
one thing you might see when visiting rome is	pantheon.
one thing specific that has wings is	chickens.
one thing specific that has wings is	airplanes.
one thing specific that has wings is	eagles.
one thing specific that has wings is	butterflies.
one thing specific that has wings is	bats.
one thing specific that has wings is	angels.
one appliance you would hate to live without is	refrigerator.
one appliance you would hate to live without is	microwave.
one appliance you would hate to live without is	stove.
one appliance you would hate to live without is	air conditioner.
one appliance you would hate to live without is	television.
one appliance you would hate to live without is	dishwasher.
one thing that gets tuned is	radio.
one thing that gets tuned is	television.
one thing that gets tuned is	car.
one thing that gets tuned is	guitar.
one thing that gets tuned is	piano.
one place where adults go to relax while kids go to play is	park.
one place where adults go to relax while kids go to play is	beach.
one place where adults go to relax while kids go to play is	swimming pool.
one thing you put sugar on is	cereal.
one thing you put sugar on is	coffee.
one thing you put sugar on is	cookies.
one thing you put sugar on is	strawberries.
one thing you put sugar on is	grapefruit.
one thing people have second thoughts about doing is	getting married.
one thing people have second thoughts about doing is	spending.
one thing people have second thoughts about doing is	cheating.
one thing people have second thoughts about doing is	skydiving.
one thing people have second thoughts about doing is	stealing.
one thing people have second thoughts about doing is	lending money.
one thing people have second thoughts about doing is	gambling.
one animal that you think of as dirty is	pig.
one animal that you think of as dirty is	rat.
one animal that you think of as dirty is	skunk.
one animal that you think of as dirty is	dog.
one thing a bride always gets several of at a shower is	toasters.
one thing a bride always gets several of at a shower is	towels.
one thing a bride always gets several of at a shower is	lingerie.
one thing a bride always gets several of at a shower is	sheets.
one thing a bride always gets several of at a shower is	dishes.
one thing a bride always gets several of at a shower is	irons.
one thing a bride always gets several of at a shower is	blenders.
one thing a bride always gets several of at a shower is	can openers.
one thing a bride always gets several of at a shower is	coffee makers.
one thing a bride always gets several of at a shower is	crock pots.
one thing a bride always gets several of at a shower is	glasses.
one thing a bride always gets several of at a shower is	cards.
one thing a teenager might bring to school is	phone.
one thing a teenager might bring to school is	backpack.
one thing a teenager might bring to school is	books.
one thing a teenager might bring to school is	mp3 player.
one thing a teenager might bring to school is	lunch.
one reason one person might choose one rental video store over another is	price.
one reason one person might choose one rental video store over another is	variety.
one thing that is made with apples is	pie.
one thing that is made with apples is	sauce.
one thing that is made with apples is	cider.
one thing that is made with apples is	turnover.
one reason why you choose one job over another is	salary.
one reason why you choose one job over another is	enjoy the work.
one reason why you choose one job over another is	benefits.
one reason why you choose one job over another is	location.
one reason why you choose one job over another is	advancement.
one reason why you choose one job over another is	boss.
one thing people might ask for at a cookout is	beer.
one thing people might ask for at a cookout is	napkin.
one thing people might ask for at a cookout is	soda.
one thing people might ask for at a cookout is	hamburger.
one thing people might ask for at a cookout is	hot dog.
one thing people might ask for at a cookout is	ketchup.
one female disney character is	minnie mouse.
one female disney character is	snow white.
one female disney character is	cinderella.
one female disney character is	pocahontas.
one thing a farmer uses which might cause an injury is	tractor.
one thing a farmer uses which might cause an injury is	pitch fork.
one thing a farmer uses which might cause an injury is	plow.
one thing a lifeguard should know how to do is	swim.
one thing a lifeguard should know how to do is	cpr.
one thing a lifeguard should know how to do is	save a life.
one thing a lifeguard should know how to do is	spot danger.
one thing college students stay up all night doing is	studying.
one thing college students stay up all night doing is	partying.
one thing college students stay up all night doing is	watching tv.
one thing college students stay up all night doing is	talking.
one thing that people stretch is	legs/bodies.
one thing that people stretch is	rubber band.
one thing that people stretch is	budget/money.
one thing that people stretch is	clothes/shoes.
one thing that people stretch is	the truth.
one household pet you could leave by itself for a couple of days is	cat.
one household pet you could leave by itself for a couple of days is	fish.
one household pet you could leave by itself for a couple of days is	bird.
one household pet you could leave by itself for a couple of days is	dog.
one household pet you could leave by itself for a couple of days is	snake.
one animal that likes to stick out its tongue is	dog.
one animal that likes to stick out its tongue is	snake.
one animal that likes to stick out its tongue is	lizard/iguana.
one animal that likes to stick out its tongue is	anteater.
one animal that likes to stick out its tongue is	monkey.
one animal that likes to stick out its tongue is	frog.
one thing the country of china is known for is	great food.
one thing the country of china is known for is	great wall.
one thing the country of china is known for is	communism.
one thing the country of china is known for is	mao tse-tung.
one thing the country of china is known for is	pandas.
one thing the country of china is known for is	chinese new year.
one thing that a nurse asks you to do before the doctor comes in to examine you is	clothes off.
one thing that a nurse asks you to do before the doctor comes in to examine you is	step on scale.
one thing that a nurse asks you to do before the doctor comes in to examine you is	blood pressure.
one thing that a nurse asks you to do before the doctor comes in to examine you is	ask questions.
one thing that a nurse asks you to do before the doctor comes in to examine you is	takes temperature.
one thing that a nurse asks you to do before the doctor comes in to examine you is	looks in mouth.
one thing batman doesn't leave the batcave without is	batmobile.
one thing batman doesn't leave the batcave without is	cape.
one thing batman doesn't leave the batcave without is	robin.
one thing batman doesn't leave the batcave without is	utility belt.
one thing specific you make sure to clean before company comes over is	bathroom.
one thing specific you make sure to clean before company comes over is	kitchen.
one thing specific you make sure to clean before company comes over is	carpet/floor.
one thing specific you make sure to clean before company comes over is	living room.
one thing specific you make sure to clean before company comes over is	myself.
one thing you know about the earth is	round.
one thing you know about the earth is	polluted.
one thing you know about the earth is	planet.
one thing you know about the earth is	mostly water.
one thing you know about the earth is	beautiful.
one thing you know about the earth is	very old.
one thing you need if you want to go bowling is	ball.
one thing you need if you want to go bowling is	bowling shoes.
one body part that many songs mention is	the heart.
one body part that many songs mention is	lips.
one body part that many songs mention is	the eyes.
one body part that many songs mention is	the face.
one person people go to when they feel worried is	doctor.
one person people go to when they feel worried is	psychiatrist.
one person people go to when they feel worried is	mother.
one person people go to when they feel worried is	friend.
one person people go to when they feel worried is	counsellor.
one person people go to when they feel worried is	priest.
parts of a bicycle is	tire.
parts of a bicycle is	handle bars.
parts of a bicycle is	peddles.
parts of a bicycle is	seat.
parts of a bicycle is	brakes.
parts of a bicycle is	chains.
one thing a teenage boy might borrow from his father without asking is	car.
one thing a teenage boy might borrow from his father without asking is	razor/shaver.
one thing a teenage boy might borrow from his father without asking is	tie/clothes.
one thing a teenage boy might borrow from his father without asking is	cologne.
one thing a teenage boy might borrow from his father without asking is	money.
one sport women think is sexy to watch is	basketball.
one sport women think is sexy to watch is	baseball.
one sport women think is sexy to watch is	football.
countries found in the middle east is	iraq.
countries found in the middle east is	iran.
countries found in the middle east is	isreal.
countries found in the middle east is	saudi arabia.
countries found in the middle east is	egypt.
countries found in the middle east is	afghanistan.
one thing you can adjust on your tv is	volume.
one thing you can adjust on your tv is	channel.
one thing you can adjust on your tv is	picture.
one thing specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal is	military accomplishment.
one thing specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal is	track and field.
one thing specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal is	olympics.
one thing specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal is	boys scouts.
one thing specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal is	police officer.
one thing specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal is	saving a life.
one thing specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal is	good grades.
one thing people don't like being too lumpy is	mashed potatoes.
one thing people don't like being too lumpy is	mattress/bed.
one thing people don't like being too lumpy is	their bodies.
one thing people don't like being too lumpy is	hot cereal.
one thing people don't like being too lumpy is	gravy.
one thing people don't like being too lumpy is	pillow.
one thing kids might miss while they are away at summer camp is	family.
one thing kids might miss while they are away at summer camp is	friends.
one thing kids might miss while they are away at summer camp is	pets.
one thing kids might miss while they are away at summer camp is	home.
one thing kids might miss while they are away at summer camp is	video games.
one animal that eats leaves is	koala.
one animal that eats leaves is	wombat.
one animal that eats leaves is	giraffe.
one animal that eats leaves is	rabbit.
one animal that eats leaves is	panda.
one thing that might be dangerous to cross is	railroad track.
one thing that might be dangerous to cross is	street.
one thing that might be dangerous to cross is	highway.
one thing that might be dangerous to cross is	river.
one thing that might be dangerous to cross is	people.
one thing that might be dangerous to cross is	bridge.
one traffic violation that everyone's committed at least once is	speeding.
one traffic violation that everyone's committed at least once is	not stop.
one gift that would be ideal for a chef is	kitchen knives.
one gift that would be ideal for a chef is	pots and pans.
one gift that would be ideal for a chef is	apron.
one gift that would be ideal for a chef is	spatula.
one thing people do in their sleep is	snore.
one thing people do in their sleep is	dream.
one thing you own that probably has worn out batteries in it is	flashlight.
one thing you own that probably has worn out batteries in it is	radio.
one thing you own that probably has worn out batteries in it is	camera.
one thing you own that probably has worn out batteries in it is	calculator.
one thing women don't like to do with their husbands is	shop.
one thing women don't like to do with their husbands is	watch/play sports.
one thing women don't like to do with their husbands is	argue.
one thing women don't like to do with their husbands is	make love.
one thing women don't like to do with their husbands is	watch movie/tv.
one popular variety of pizza is	hawaiian.
one popular variety of pizza is	margherita.
one popular variety of pizza is	capriciosa.
one popular variety of pizza is	supreme.
one popular variety of pizza is	aussie.
one popular variety of pizza is	meat lovers.
one thing a child might throw a temper tantrum over is	toy.
one thing a child might throw a temper tantrum over is	candy.
one thing a child might throw a temper tantrum over is	bedtime.
one thing a child might throw a temper tantrum over is	no getting their way.
one thing dad refuses to use when lost on a road trip is	map.
one thing dad refuses to use when lost on a road trip is	someone's help.
one thing dad refuses to use when lost on a road trip is	gps.
one type of vehicle that's used in the military is	jeep/hummer.
one type of vehicle that's used in the military is	tank.
one type of vehicle that's used in the military is	airplane.
one type of vehicle that's used in the military is	helicopter.
one type of vehicle that's used in the military is	submarine.
one type of vehicle that's used in the military is	supply truck.
one reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive is	tired.
one reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive is	use bathroom.
one reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive is	car trouble.
one reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive is	stretch.
one reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive is	map.
one reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive is	change drivers.
one reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive is	police officer.
one reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive is	talk on phone.
one profession where you'd receive lots of mail from strangers is	celebrity.
one profession where you'd receive lots of mail from strangers is	politician.
one profession where you'd receive lots of mail from strangers is	customer service.
one profession where you'd receive lots of mail from strangers is	advice columnist.
one thing specific babysitters do that irritates parents is	talk on phone.
one thing specific babysitters do that irritates parents is	mean to children.
one thing specific babysitters do that irritates parents is	raid the fridge.
one thing specific babysitters do that irritates parents is	let kids do what they want.
one thing specific babysitters do that irritates parents is	not clean up.
one thing specific babysitters do that irritates parents is	friends come over.
one animal you might see in the woods is	deer.
one animal you might see in the woods is	bear.
one animal you might see in the woods is	fox.
one animal you might see in the woods is	squirrel.
one animal you might see in the woods is	wolf.
one animal you might see in the woods is	rabbit.
one fruit found in canned fruit salad is	peach.
one fruit found in canned fruit salad is	pineapple.
one fruit found in canned fruit salad is	pear.
one fruit found in canned fruit salad is	cherry.
one fruit found in canned fruit salad is	grape.
one fruit found in canned fruit salad is	orange.
one thing a farmer has on his farm that he might end up eating is	pig.
one thing a farmer has on his farm that he might end up eating is	cow.
one thing a farmer has on his farm that he might end up eating is	chicken.
one thing a farmer has on his farm that he might end up eating is	grain.
one thing a farmer has on his farm that he might end up eating is	vegetables.
one thing you might wear to a job interview is	suit.
one thing you might wear to a job interview is	blouse.
one thing you might wear to a job interview is	skirt.
one thing you might wear to a job interview is	high heels.
one person you would take with you to a desert island is	spouse.
one person you would take with you to a desert island is	girlfriend or boyfriend.
one person you would take with you to a desert island is	a family member.
one person you would take with you to a desert island is	best friend.
one carpenter's tool that you hope a surgeon never uses is	hammer.
one carpenter's tool that you hope a surgeon never uses is	saw/chain saw.
one carpenter's tool that you hope a surgeon never uses is	screwdriver.
one carpenter's tool that you hope a surgeon never uses is	drill.
one carpenter's tool that you hope a surgeon never uses is	chisel.
one carpenter's tool that you hope a surgeon never uses is	ax.
one political figure who's known the best of times and the worst of times is	bill clinton.
one political figure who's known the best of times and the worst of times is	george w. bush.
one political figure who's known the best of times and the worst of times is	richard nixon.
one political figure who's known the best of times and the worst of times is	hillary clinton.
one political figure who's known the best of times and the worst of times is	ronald reagan.
one political figure who's known the best of times and the worst of times is	john f. kennedy.
one thing you dress up for is	weddings.
one thing you dress up for is	church.
one thing you dress up for is	party.
one thing you dress up for is	dates.
one thing you dress up for is	halloween.
one thing you dress up for is	work.
one thing people might share in the summer is	swimming pool.
one thing people might share in the summer is	sunblock.
one thing people might share in the summer is	drinks.
one thing people might share in the summer is	vacation.
one thing people might share in the summer is	towels.
one thing an accountant might do the day after taxes are due is	go on a vacation.
one thing an accountant might do the day after taxes are due is	sleep.
one thing an accountant might do the day after taxes are due is	relax/rest.
one thing an accountant might do the day after taxes are due is	drink/party.
one thing an accountant might do the day after taxes are due is	take a day off.
one thing an accountant might do the day after taxes are due is	go shopping.
one thing an accountant might do the day after taxes are due is	keep working.
one city that is known for bad traffic is	new york city.
one city that is known for bad traffic is	boston.
one city that is known for bad traffic is	los angeles.
one city that is known for bad traffic is	chicago.
one city that is known for bad traffic is	atlanta.
one city that is known for bad traffic is	seattle.
one machine that lifts you up is	elevator.
one machine that lifts you up is	forklift.
one machine that lifts you up is	escalator.
one machine that lifts you up is	roller coaster.
one machine that lifts you up is	airplane.
one machine that lifts you up is	crane.
one college that smart people attend is	harvard.
one college that smart people attend is	yale.
one college that smart people attend is	mit.
one thing a child does when having a temper tantrum is	scream.
one thing a child does when having a temper tantrum is	stomps.
one thing a child does when having a temper tantrum is	kicks.
one thing a child does when having a temper tantrum is	cries.
one thing a child does when having a temper tantrum is	hold breath.
one thing a child does when having a temper tantrum is	jumps.
one thing that beach-goers complain about is	hot stand.
one thing that beach-goers complain about is	hot sand.
one thing that beach-goers complain about is	litter.
one thing that beach-goers complain about is	weather.
one thing that beach-goers complain about is	crowds.
one thing that beach-goers complain about is	jelly fish.
one thing that beach-goers complain about is	jellyfish.
one thing people have a best one of is	best outfit/shoes.
one thing people have a best one of is	best friend.
one thing people have a best one of is	best child.
one thing people have a best one of is	best car.
one thing people have a best one of is	best pet.
one thing people hate waiting for is	bus/transport.
one thing people hate waiting for is	food/restaurant.
one thing people hate waiting for is	money/paycheck.
one thing people hate waiting for is	doctor.
one thing people hate waiting for is	grocery/checkout.
one thing people hate waiting for is	movie/tickets.
one place where they have lockers you can rent is	gym.
one place where they have lockers you can rent is	pool.
one place where they have lockers you can rent is	train station.
one place where they have lockers you can rent is	airport.
one thing scotch is	tape.
one thing scotch is	whiskey.
one thing scotch is	kilt.
one thing scotch is	butterscotch.
one sport that requires a net is	tennis.
one sport that requires a net is	volleyball.
one sport that requires a net is	basketball.
one sport that requires a net is	fishing.
one sport that requires a net is	badminton.
one sport that requires a net is	soccer.
one sport that requires a net is	ping pong.
one thing that is made out of glass is	windows.
one thing that is made out of glass is	a glass.
one thing that is made out of glass is	vase.
one thing that is made out of glass is	mirrors.
one thing that is made out of glass is	eye glasses.
one thing you would see in a church is	pews.
one thing you would see in a church is	crucifix.
one thing you would see in a church is	altar.
one thing you would see in a church is	minister.
one thing you would see in a church is	pulpit.
one thing you would see in a church is	bible.
one famous woman named "susan" is	sarandon.
one famous woman named "susan" is	b. anthony.
one famous woman named "susan" is	somers.
one famous woman named "susan" is	lucci.
one famous woman named "susan" is	hayward.
one famous woman named "susan" is	dey.
one thing people can't stop worrying about, even on vacation is	money.
one thing people can't stop worrying about, even on vacation is	work.
one thing people can't stop worrying about, even on vacation is	kids.
one thing people can't stop worrying about, even on vacation is	house.
one thing people can't stop worrying about, even on vacation is	pets.
one thing you always see in western movies is	gun.
one thing you always see in western movies is	cowboys.
one thing you always see in western movies is	native americans.
one thing you always see in western movies is	horse.
one thing you always see in western movies is	stagecoach.
one thing you always see in western movies is	john wayne.
one thing you always see in western movies is	hairy beard.
one kind of store you can find, even in the smallest town is	grocery.
one kind of store you can find, even in the smallest town is	drugstore.
one kind of store you can find, even in the smallest town is	general store.
one kind of store you can find, even in the smallest town is	gas station.
one thing grandmothers like to knit or sew is	sweater.
one thing grandmothers like to knit or sew is	quilt.
one thing grandmothers like to knit or sew is	afghan.
one thing grandmothers like to knit or sew is	socks.
one thing grandmothers like to knit or sew is	mittens.
one oscar award category everybody watches is	best actor.
one oscar award category everybody watches is	best picture.
one oscar award category everybody watches is	best song.
one oscar award category everybody watches is	best actress.
one oscar award category everybody watches is	best costume.
one thing an armchair quarterback has nearby during the super bowl is	beer/drinks.
one thing an armchair quarterback has nearby during the super bowl is	remote control.
one thing an armchair quarterback has nearby during the super bowl is	snacks/food.
one thing an armchair quarterback has nearby during the super bowl is	his buddies.
the toughest us president is	ronald reagan.
the toughest us president is	teddy roosevelt.
the toughest us president is	george w bush.
the toughest us president is	richard nixon.
the toughest us president is	lincoln.
the toughest us president is	bill clinton.
the toughest us president is	george washington.
one animal that's easy to imitate in charades is	monkey/ape.
one animal that's easy to imitate in charades is	dog.
one animal that's easy to imitate in charades is	cat.
one animal that's easy to imitate in charades is	bird.
one animal that's easy to imitate in charades is	rabbit.
one animal that's easy to imitate in charades is	kangaroo.
one animal that's easy to imitate in charades is	elephant.
one instrument that can sound whiny is	violin.
one instrument that can sound whiny is	flute.
one instrument that can sound whiny is	clarinet.
one instrument that can sound whiny is	guitar.
one instrument that can sound whiny is	saxophone.
one thing your passport reveals about you is	your age.
one thing your passport reveals about you is	your name.
one thing your passport reveals about you is	birthday.
one thing your passport reveals about you is	nationality.
one thing your passport reveals about you is	place of birth.
one thing on your plane you hope is working is	engine.
one thing on your plane you hope is working is	pilot.
one thing on your plane you hope is working is	washroom.
one thing on your plane you hope is working is	control panel.
one thing on your plane you hope is working is	air conditioner.
one thing on your plane you hope is working is	tv screen.
one musical instrument that sounds terrible when one person's learning to play it is	violin.
one musical instrument that sounds terrible when one person's learning to play it is	trumpet.
one musical instrument that sounds terrible when one person's learning to play it is	flute.
one musical instrument that sounds terrible when one person's learning to play it is	clarinet.
one musical instrument that sounds terrible when one person's learning to play it is	tuba.
one musical instrument that sounds terrible when one person's learning to play it is	piano.
one musical instrument that sounds terrible when one person's learning to play it is	drums.
one thing you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church is	sleep.
one thing you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church is	television.
one thing you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church is	exercise.
one thing you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church is	breakfast.
one thing you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church is	movie.
one thing you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church is	shop.
one thing you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church is	read newspaper.
one thing you do not learn is	good manners.
one thing you do not learn is	common sense.
one thing you do not learn is	house work.
one thing you do not learn is	religion.
one thing you do not learn is	parenting.
one thing you do not learn is	walking.
one thing a person may be required to wear around their neck is	tie.
one thing a person may be required to wear around their neck is	chain/necklace.
one thing a person may be required to wear around their neck is	scarf.
one thing a person may be required to wear around their neck is	identification.
one thing a person may be required to wear around their neck is	brace.
one thing specific that people repair for a living is	cars.
one thing specific that people repair for a living is	plumbing.
one thing specific that people repair for a living is	air-conditioner.
one thing specific that people repair for a living is	roof.
one thing specific that people repair for a living is	computers.
one thing specific that people repair for a living is	television.
one sport where a spectator might get hit by something is	hardball.
one sport where a spectator might get hit by something is	baseball.
one sport where a spectator might get hit by something is	fastball.
one sport where a spectator might get hit by something is	softball field.
one sport where a spectator might get hit by something is	ice hockey.
one sport where a spectator might get hit by something is	hockey.
one sport where a spectator might get hit by something is	hoops.
one sport where a spectator might get hit by something is	basketball.
one sport where a spectator might get hit by something is	golf.
one sport where a spectator might get hit by something is	football.
one sport where a spectator might get hit by something is	watch football.
one country people visit where they do not need to pack a jacket is	mexico.
one country people visit where they do not need to pack a jacket is	south africa.
one country people visit where they do not need to pack a jacket is	australia.
one country people visit where they do not need to pack a jacket is	egypt.
one country people visit where they do not need to pack a jacket is	bahamas.
one sport with the wimpiest athletes is	golf.
one sport with the wimpiest athletes is	tennis.
one sport with the wimpiest athletes is	bowling.
one sport with the wimpiest athletes is	chess.
one sport with the wimpiest athletes is	soccer.
one sport with the wimpiest athletes is	swimming.
the first thing a teenager does when he gets home from school is	eat.
the first thing a teenager does when he gets home from school is	drop books.
the first thing a teenager does when he gets home from school is	gets on the phone.
the first thing a teenager does when he gets home from school is	turns on the tv.
the first thing a teenager does when he gets home from school is	kicks shoes off.
the first thing a teenager does when he gets home from school is	play on the computer.
one fast-paced sport is	football.
one fast-paced sport is	car racing.
one fast-paced sport is	hockey.
one fast-paced sport is	running.
one fast-paced sport is	tennis.
one fast-paced sport is	basketball.
one thing every child wants for christmas is	toys.
one thing every child wants for christmas is	bicycle.
one thing every child wants for christmas is	money.
one thing every child wants for christmas is	puppy.
one thing every child wants for christmas is	video games.
one thing every child wants for christmas is	pony.
one thing you do to show your kids who's boss is	ground them.
one thing you do to show your kids who's boss is	time out.
one thing you do to show your kids who's boss is	raise your voice.
one thing you do to show your kids who's boss is	spank them.
one thing you do to show your kids who's boss is	take away toy.
one way you can tell if one person is cold is	shivering.
one way you can tell if one person is cold is	goosebumps.
one way you can tell if one person is cold is	red face.
one way you can tell if one person is cold is	blue lips.
one job found in every school is	teacher.
one job found in every school is	custodian.
one job found in every school is	principal.
one job found in every school is	secretary.
one job found in every school is	nurse.
one thing a teenage girl might save her money to buy is	clothes.
one thing a teenage girl might save her money to buy is	car.
one thing a teenage girl might save her money to buy is	makeup.
one thing a teenage girl might save her money to buy is	cell phone.
one thing a teenage girl might save her money to buy is	shoes.
one thing a teenage girl might save her money to buy is	jewelry.
one thing a teen boy does to make himself look older is	mustache.
one thing a teen boy does to make himself look older is	build muscles.
one thing a teen boy does to make himself look older is	dress up.
one thing a teen boy does to make himself look older is	style his hair.
one thing you can do to get a traffic ticket is	speeding.
one thing you can do to get a traffic ticket is	running a red light.
one thing you can do to get a traffic ticket is	no seat belt.
one thing you can do to get a traffic ticket is	on the phone.
one job that involves telling people bad news is	doctor.
one job that involves telling people bad news is	police officer.
one job that involves telling people bad news is	coroner/mortician.
one job that involves telling people bad news is	news reporter.
one job that involves telling people bad news is	lawyer.
one job that involves telling people bad news is	collection agent.
one job that involves telling people bad news is	clergy.
one thing specific which people clean for a living is	carpets.
one thing specific which people clean for a living is	houses.
one thing specific which people clean for a living is	cars.
one thing specific which people clean for a living is	windows.
one thing specific which people clean for a living is	clothes.
one thing specific which people clean for a living is	offices.
one thing specific which people clean for a living is	hotel rooms.
one thing specific which people clean for a living is	chimneys.
one thing men hate losing is	money/wallet.
one thing men hate losing is	hair.
one thing men hate losing is	keys.
one thing men hate losing is	women.
one thing men hate losing is	jobs.
one thing men hate losing is	arguments.
one thing you can now buy unsalted is	peanuts.
one thing you can now buy unsalted is	crackers.
one thing you can now buy unsalted is	potato chips.
one thing you can now buy unsalted is	popcorn.
one thing you can now buy unsalted is	canned vegetables.
one thing you can now buy unsalted is	pretzels.
one expense that's much bigger if you have kids is	grocery bill.
one expense that's much bigger if you have kids is	clothes.
one expense that's much bigger if you have kids is	travel.
one sport where players wear helmets is	football.
one sport where players wear helmets is	hockey.
one sport where players wear helmets is	ice hockey.
one sport where players wear helmets is	fastball.
one sport where players wear helmets is	hardball.
one sport where players wear helmets is	baseball.
one sport where players wear helmets is	softball field.
one sport where players wear helmets is	cycling.
one sport where players wear helmets is	biking.
one sport where players wear helmets is	racing cars.
one sport where players wear helmets is	nascar.
one sport where players wear helmets is	indy car.
one sport where players wear helmets is	grand prix.
one sport where players wear helmets is	formula one.
one sport where players wear helmets is	car racing.
one sport where players wear helmets is	auto racing.
one thing that people develop is	film/photos.
one thing that people develop is	illness/disease.
one thing that people develop is	habits/addictions.
one thing that people develop is	mind/wisdom.
one thing that people develop is	attitudes.
one thing that might happen if you laugh really, really hard is	wet pants.
one thing that might happen if you laugh really, really hard is	cry.
one thing that might happen if you laugh really, really hard is	stomach/side ache.
one thing that might happen if you laugh really, really hard is	can't breathe.
one thing that might happen if you laugh really, really hard is	"let one go".
one thing that makes people panic is	fire.
one thing that makes people panic is	tornado.
one thing that makes people panic is	money.
one thing that makes people panic is	high gas prices.
one thing that makes people panic is	spiders.
one thing that makes people panic is	natural disaster.
one sign that people disobey is	stop.
one sign that people disobey is	yield.
one sign that people disobey is	do not enter.
one sign that people disobey is	no littering.
one sign that people disobey is	no smoking.
one sign that people disobey is	speed limit.
one thing a couch potato might have to get off the couch to do is	get food/drink.
one thing a couch potato might have to get off the couch to do is	go to bathroom.
one thing a couch potato might have to get off the couch to do is	find remote/chan..
one thing a couch potato might have to get off the couch to do is	answer phone.
one thing that might cause a pirate to bring his ship to land is	lady.
one thing that might cause a pirate to bring his ship to land is	gold.
one thing that might cause a pirate to bring his ship to land is	alcohol.
one thing that might cause a pirate to bring his ship to land is	party.
one occupation that requires a lot of travel is	salesman.
one occupation that requires a lot of travel is	airline pilot.
one occupation that requires a lot of travel is	flight attendant.
one occupation that requires a lot of travel is	truck driver.
one occupation that requires a lot of travel is	politician.
one occupation that requires a lot of travel is	reporter.
one place in the house where sleeping dogs lie is	bed.
one place in the house where sleeping dogs lie is	couch.
one place in the house where sleeping dogs lie is	floor.
one place in the house where sleeping dogs lie is	everywhere.
one place in the house where sleeping dogs lie is	next to fireplace.
one place in the house where sleeping dogs lie is	living room.
one place in the house where sleeping dogs lie is	kitchen.
one place in the house where sleeping dogs lie is	by the door.
one thing you could save money on if you didn't have any teeth is	toothpaste.
one thing you could save money on if you didn't have any teeth is	food.
one thing you could save money on if you didn't have any teeth is	dentist.
one thing you could save money on if you didn't have any teeth is	toothbrush.
one thing you could save money on if you didn't have any teeth is	gum.
one thing you could save money on if you didn't have any teeth is	dental floss.
one thing you might dig up is	treasure.
one thing you might dig up is	soil.
one thing you might dig up is	bones.
one thing you might dig up is	gold.
one thing you might dig up is	flowers.
one thing you might dig up is	weeds.
one thing children bring home from school is	homework.
one thing children bring home from school is	lunch.
one thing children bring home from school is	pantings.
one thing children bring home from school is	books.
one thing children bring home from school is	bag.
one thing children bring home from school is	lice.
one thing children bring home from school is	friend.
one thing critics review is	movies.
one thing critics review is	plays.
one thing critics review is	books.
one thing critics review is	music.
one thing critics review is	tv shows.
one school function at which the school band performs is	sporting event.
one school function at which the school band performs is	concert.
one school function at which the school band performs is	pep rally.
one school function at which the school band performs is	graduation.
one school function at which the school band performs is	homecoming.
one school function at which the school band performs is	dance.
one school function at which the school band performs is	parade.
one specific door you should knock on before entering is	front door.
one specific door you should knock on before entering is	bathroom door.
one specific door you should knock on before entering is	bedroom door.
one specific door you should knock on before entering is	office door.
the most romantic place to propose is	beaches.
the most romantic place to propose is	restaurant.
the most romantic place to propose is	paris.
the most romantic place to propose is	italy.
the most romantic place to propose is	church.
one monopoly square you hope to avoid unless you own it is	boardwalk.
one monopoly square you hope to avoid unless you own it is	park place.
one monopoly square you hope to avoid unless you own it is	go to jail.
one monopoly square you hope to avoid unless you own it is	hotel.
one thing police will give you a ticket for is	speeding.
one thing police will give you a ticket for is	run stop sign.
one thing you hate to get into when it's cold is	car.
one thing you hate to get into when it's cold is	winter wear.
one thing you hate to get into when it's cold is	shower.
one thing you hate to get into when it's cold is	swimming pool.
one thing you hate to get into when it's cold is	outdoors.
one thing you hate to get into when it's cold is	bed.
one thing you've bought that's made you the happiest is	house.
one thing you've bought that's made you the happiest is	car.
one thing you've bought that's made you the happiest is	pet.
one thing you've bought that's made you the happiest is	vcr.
one thing you've bought that's made you the happiest is	wedding ring.
one country where they seem to hate americans is	iraq.
one country where they seem to hate americans is	france.
one country where they seem to hate americans is	iran.
one country where they seem to hate americans is	russia.
one country where they seem to hate americans is	cuba.
one country where they seem to hate americans is	afghanistan.
one thing about their mothers that kids brag about is	her cooking.
one thing about their mothers that kids brag about is	looks.
one thing about their mothers that kids brag about is	she's cool/nice.
one thing about their mothers that kids brag about is	her job.
one food you'd love to throw at your worst enemy is	eggs.
one food you'd love to throw at your worst enemy is	tomatoes.
one food you'd love to throw at your worst enemy is	pie.
one food you'd love to throw at your worst enemy is	spaghetti.
one food you'd love to throw at your worst enemy is	cake.
one boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding is	snake.
one boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding is	lizard.
one boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding is	dog.
one boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding is	spider.
one boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding is	rat.
one boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding is	frog.
one boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding is	hamster.
one thing a man puts in the pocket of his swim trunks is	keys.
one thing a man puts in the pocket of his swim trunks is	money.
one thing a man puts in the pocket of his swim trunks is	watch.
one thing a man puts in the pocket of his swim trunks is	ear plugs.
one thing a man puts in the pocket of his swim trunks is	water goggles.
one thing a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed is	watermelon.
one thing a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed is	ball.
one thing a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed is	balloon.
one thing a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed is	keg.
one thing a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed is	tire.
one thing a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed is	baby.
one thing a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed is	whale.
one thing a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed is	pillow.
one thing that you roll up is	cigars.
one thing that you roll up is	sleeping bags.
one thing that you roll up is	sleeves.
one thing that you roll up is	pants.
one thing that you roll up is	socks.
one thing that you roll up is	egg roll.
other than coins one thing people collect is	stamps.
other than coins one thing people collect is	dolls.
other than coins one thing people collect is	cars.
other than coins one thing people collect is	rocks.
other than coins one thing people collect is	toys.
other than coins one thing people collect is	seashells.
other than coins one thing people collect is	spoons.
other than an airplane, one might a cartoon character use to help them fly is	wings.
other than an airplane, one might a cartoon character use to help them fly is	arms.
other than an airplane, one might a cartoon character use to help them fly is	bird.
other than an airplane, one might a cartoon character use to help them fly is	balloon.
other than an airplane, one might a cartoon character use to help them fly is	kite.
other than an airplane, one might a cartoon character use to help them fly is	magic carpet.
other than a bar one place where its common to get hit on is	work/school.
other than a bar one place where its common to get hit on is	party.
other than a bar one place where its common to get hit on is	shopping center.
other than a bar one place where its common to get hit on is	gym.
other than a bar one place where its common to get hit on is	church.
other than a bar one place where its common to get hit on is	park.
other than a bar one place where its common to get hit on is	beach.
other than teeth one thing people use a toothbrush to clean is	shoes.
other than teeth one thing people use a toothbrush to clean is	toilet.
other than teeth one thing people use a toothbrush to clean is	floor.
other than teeth one thing people use a toothbrush to clean is	jewelry.
on an airplane, one do you hope the person behind you avoids doing is	snoring.
on an airplane, one do you hope the person behind you avoids doing is	vomiting.
other than their kids one thing new that a person might "baby" is	pet.
other than their kids one thing new that a person might "baby" is	car.
other than their kids one thing new that a person might "baby" is	significant other.
on one holiday are the most collect calls made is	christmas.
on one holiday are the most collect calls made is	mother's day.
on one holiday are the most collect calls made is	father's day.
on one holiday are the most collect calls made is	thanksgiving.
of all the talk shows on the air, one is the worst is	jerry springer.
of all the talk shows on the air, one is the worst is	oprah.
of all the talk shows on the air, one is the worst is	dr. phil.
of all the talk shows on the air, one is the worst is	conan o'brien.
of all the talk shows on the air, one is the worst is	david letterman.
of all the talk shows on the air, one is the worst is	tyra banks.
of all the talk shows on the air, one is the worst is	rush limbaugh.
past or present, one us president who you wouldn't mind having a beer with is	bill clinton.
past or present, one us president who you wouldn't mind having a beer with is	george w bush.
past or present, one us president who you wouldn't mind having a beer with is	john f kennedy.
past or present, one us president who you wouldn't mind having a beer with is	barack oboma.
past or present, one tv show about a very wealthy family is	dallas.
past or present, one tv show about a very wealthy family is	beverly hill billies.
past or present, one tv show about a very wealthy family is	dynasty.
past or present, one tv show about a very wealthy family is	the cosby show.
past or present, one tv show about a very wealthy family is	fresh prince.
past or present, one tv show about a very wealthy family is	family affair.
past or present, one olympic champ you admire is	michael phelps.
past or present, one olympic champ you admire is	mark spitz.
past or present, one olympic champ you admire is	mary lou retton.
past or present, one olympic champ you admire is	bruce jenner.
past or present, one olympic champ you admire is	jesse owens.
past or present, one olympic champ you admire is	dorothy hamill.
past or present, one olympic champ you admire is	kristy yamaguci.
past or present, one famous couple you knew would have problems is	ben & jen.
past or present, one famous couple you knew would have problems is	bill & hillary.
past or present, one famous couple you knew would have problems is	bobby & whitney.
past or present, one famous couple you knew would have problems is	jen & p. diddy.
past or present, one famous couple you knew would have problems is	michael & lisa m..
Q: pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year? A:	britney spears.
Q: pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year? A:	jennifer lopez.
Q: pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year? A:	brad pitt/jen a..
Q: pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year? A:	the clintons.
Q: pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year? A:	george w. bush.
Q: pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year? A:	donald trump.
Q: pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year? A:	michael douglas.
past or present, one nfl quarterback is	peyton manning.
past or present, one nfl quarterback is	tom brady.
past or present, one nfl quarterback is	joe montana.
past or present, one nfl quarterback is	tony romo.
past or present, one nfl quarterback is	brett farve.
past or present, one actress who played one of charlie's angels is	farrah fawcett.
past or present, one actress who played one of charlie's angels is	drew barrymore.
past or present, one actress who played one of charlie's angels is	lucy liu.
past or present, one actress who played one of charlie's angels is	kate jackson.
past or present, one actress who played one of charlie's angels is	cameron diaz.
real or fictional  one person whos known for being a fast runner is	florance joyner.
real or fictional  one person whos known for being a fast runner is	road runner.
real or fictional  one person whos known for being a fast runner is	carl lewis.
real or fictional  one person whos known for being a fast runner is	michael johnson.
real or fictional  one person whos known for being a fast runner is	jesse owens.
real or fictional  one person whos known for being a fast runner is	flash.
real or fictional  one person whos known for being a fast runner is	speedy gonzales.
real or fictional, one famous simpson is	bart simpson.
real or fictional, one famous simpson is	o.j. simpson.
real or fictional, one famous simpson is	homer simpson.
real or fictional, one famous simpson is	jessica simpson.
real or fictional, one famous simpson is	marge simpson.
real or fictional, one famous simpson is	maggie simpson.
Q: something about a person that cosmetic surgery can't fix? A:	personality.
Q: something about a person that cosmetic surgery can't fix? A:	hight/stature.
Q: something about a person that cosmetic surgery can't fix? A:	eye color.
Q: something about a person that cosmetic surgery can't fix? A:	hair.
Q: superman christmas card ( key words only )? A:	lois lane.
Q: superman christmas card ( key words only )? A:	batman.
since there are no photo booths,  one place clark kent now goes to change into superman is	men's room.
since there are no photo booths,  one place clark kent now goes to change into superman is	alley.
since there are no photo booths,  one place clark kent now goes to change into superman is	closet.
since there are no photo booths,  one place clark kent now goes to change into superman is	car.
since there are no photo booths,  one place clark kent now goes to change into superman is	portapotty.
Q: something a married man might do in las vegas that would get him in trouble? A:	cheat on wife.
Q: something a married man might do in las vegas that would get him in trouble? A:	gamble/lose money.
Q: something a married man might do in las vegas that would get him in trouble? A:	go to strip club.
Q: something a married man might do in las vegas that would get him in trouble? A:	get married again.
Q: something a married man might do in las vegas that would get him in trouble? A:	commit crime.
one reason you might be low on sleep is	overworked.
one reason you might be low on sleep is	kids/new baby.
one reason you might be low on sleep is	can't sleep.
one reason you might be low on sleep is	sick.
one reason you might be low on sleep is	studying.
one excuse for not going to work that no one really believes is	sick.
one excuse for not going to work that no one really believes is	car trouble.
one excuse for not going to work that no one really believes is	traffic.
one excuse for not going to work that no one really believes is	overslept.
one fictional character that would have been on santa's "naughty" list is	big bad wolf.
one fictional character that would have been on santa's "naughty" list is	wicked witch.
one fictional character that would have been on santa's "naughty" list is	grinch.
one fictional character that would have been on santa's "naughty" list is	scrooge.
one fictional character that would have been on santa's "naughty" list is	the joker.
one fictional character that would have been on santa's "naughty" list is	cruella de vil.
one excuse that a tough guy might give if he were caught watching a soap opera is	by mistake.
one excuse that a tough guy might give if he were caught watching a soap opera is	for wife.
one excuse that a tough guy might give if he were caught watching a soap opera is	asleep.
one excuse that a tough guy might give if he were caught watching a soap opera is	hot actress.
one thing women would want men to wear more often is	cologne.
one thing women would want men to wear more often is	suit.
one thing women would want men to wear more often is	tie.
one thing women would want men to wear more often is	shorts.
one thing that waddles is	duck.
one thing that waddles is	penguin.
one thing that waddles is	pregnant woman.
one thing that waddles is	toddler.
what kids hate most about school is	homework.
what kids hate most about school is	teachers.
what kids hate most about school is	getting up.
what kids hate most about school is	math.
what kids hate most about school is	principal.
one sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school is	not housetrained.
one sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school is	bites people.
one sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school is	chews.
one sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school is	barks a lot.
one sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school is	doesn't obey you.
one sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school is	runs away.
one sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school is	won't come when called.
one way to communicate without technology is	face to face.
one way to communicate without technology is	mail.
one way to communicate without technology is	sign language.
one way to communicate without technology is	smoke signal.
one way to communicate without technology is	morse code.
one way to communicate without technology is	telapathy.
one way to communicate without technology is	body language.
the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van (numeric only) is	6.
the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van (numeric only) is	7.
the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van (numeric only) is	8.
the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van (numeric only) is	5.
the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van (numeric only) is	10.
the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van (numeric only) is	9.
the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van (numeric only) is	2.
one thing a woman might do to spoil herself (more specific than "spa") is	shop.
one thing a woman might do to spoil herself (more specific than "spa") is	manicure.
one thing a woman might do to spoil herself (more specific than "spa") is	hair salon.
one thing a woman might do to spoil herself (more specific than "spa") is	massage.
one thing a woman might do to spoil herself (more specific than "spa") is	bubble bath.
one piece of information that your neighbors are more likely to know about you than your coworkers are is	address.
one piece of information that your neighbors are more likely to know about you than your coworkers are is	size of family.
one piece of information that your neighbors are more likely to know about you than your coworkers are is	how noisy.
one piece of information that your neighbors are more likely to know about you than your coworkers are is	pets.
one piece of information that your neighbors are more likely to know about you than your coworkers are is	evening activities.
one piece of information that your neighbors are more likely to know about you than your coworkers are is	car you drive.
one thing you might lie to a friend about is	age.
one thing you might lie to a friend about is	your income.
one thing you might lie to a friend about is	weight.
one thing you might lie to a friend about is	who you're dating.
one thing you might lie to a friend about is	how they look.
one thing you use at work everyday but would hate to have to use on vacation is	computer.
one thing you use at work everyday but would hate to have to use on vacation is	phone.
one thing you use at work everyday but would hate to have to use on vacation is	ax.
one thing you use at work everyday but would hate to have to use on vacation is	calculator.
one thing you use at work everyday but would hate to have to use on vacation is	tools.
one specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat is	feet.
one specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat is	hands.
one specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat is	nose.
one specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat is	ears.
one specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat is	mouth.
one specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat is	butt.
one specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat is	neck.
one thing spies wear to disguise their identity is	sunglasses.
one thing spies wear to disguise their identity is	mask.
one thing spies wear to disguise their identity is	wig.
one thing spies wear to disguise their identity is	facial hair.
one thing spies wear to disguise their identity is	trench coat.
one thing fast-food employees always give you too much of is	ketchup/sauce.
one thing fast-food employees always give you too much of is	napkins.
one thing fast-food employees always give you too much of is	french fries.
one thing fast-food employees always give you too much of is	salt.
one thing fast-food employees always give you too much of is	ice.
one thing fast-food employees always give you too much of is	attitude.
one smell most people hate is	skunk.
one smell most people hate is	rotten eggs.
one smell most people hate is	ammonia.
one smell most people hate is	onion.
one smell most people hate is	garlic.
one thing people do with horses but no other farm animals is	ride.
one thing people do with horses but no other farm animals is	race.
one thing people do with horses but no other farm animals is	brush them.
one thing people do with horses but no other farm animals is	train/show them.
one thing people do with horses but no other farm animals is	change shoes.
one thing that makes some bugs more annoying than others is	bite/sting.
one thing that makes some bugs more annoying than others is	buzzing.
one thing that makes some bugs more annoying than others is	ability to fly.
one thing that makes some bugs more annoying than others is	traveling in swarms.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained(numeric only) is	3.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained(numeric only) is	2.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained(numeric only) is	4.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained(numeric only) is	1.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained(numeric only) is	5.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained(numeric only) is	6.
how many months it takes before a dog is house trained(numeric only) is	8.
one food that goes from your freezer to your toaster is	waffle.
one food that goes from your freezer to your toaster is	bread.
one food that goes from your freezer to your toaster is	bagel.
one food that goes from your freezer to your toaster is	toaster strudel.
one word that can start with "hit the ____" is	road.
one word that can start with "hit the ____" is	ball.
one word that can start with "hit the ____" is	floor.
one word that can start with "hit the ____" is	wall.
one word that can start with "hit the ____" is	jackpot.
the youngest age when one person should get married is	20.
the youngest age when one person should get married is	18.
the youngest age when one person should get married is	21.
one thing you can do with your face that's considered sexy is	wear make up.
one thing you can do with your face that's considered sexy is	smile.
they say the best things in life are free  one is	love.
they say the best things in life are free  one is	air.
they say the best things in life are free  one is	nature.
they say the best things in life are free  one is	family.
they say the best things in life are free  one is	god.
the last time one person told you to hold on tight, one were you doing is	carnival ride.
the last time one person told you to hold on tight, one were you doing is	riding in a car.
the last time one person told you to hold on tight, one were you doing is	riding a bike.
the last time one person told you to hold on tight, one were you doing is	riding motorcycle.
the last time one person told you to hold on tight, one were you doing is	making love.
one thing you could avoid by staying young like peter pan is	wrinkles.
one thing you could avoid by staying young like peter pan is	work.
one public place that's perfect for people watching is	park.
one public place that's perfect for people watching is	mall/store.
one public place that's perfect for people watching is	beach/boardwalk.
one public place that's perfect for people watching is	bar.
one public place that's perfect for people watching is	train/subway.
one public place that's perfect for people watching is	restaurant.
one public place that's perfect for people watching is	museum.
one thing you think of when you think of star trek is	captain kirk.
one thing you think of when you think of star trek is	space.
one thing you think of when you think of star trek is	spock.
one thing you think of when you think of star trek is	uss enterprise.
one thing you think of when you think of star trek is	khan.
one thing people shine is	shoes.
one thing people shine is	automobile.
one thing people shine is	silverware.
one thing people shine is	jewelry.
one thing people shine is	flashlight.
one thing people shine is	glass.
one thing that might give you a headache is	loud noises.
one thing that might give you a headache is	kids.
one thing that might give you a headache is	alcochol.
one thing that might give you a headache is	lights.
one thing neighbors fight over is	parking.
one thing neighbors fight over is	noise/loud music.
one thing neighbors fight over is	kids.
one thing neighbors fight over is	property line.
one thing neighbors fight over is	maintaining lawn.
one thing neighbors fight over is	pets.
one thing neighbors fight over is	trees.
the best news you've gotten over the phone is	job offer.
the best news you've gotten over the phone is	won a contest.
the best news you've gotten over the phone is	new baby.
the best news you've gotten over the phone is	engagement.
one thing that people hug in bed is	pillow.
one thing that people hug in bed is	person.
one thing that people hug in bed is	teddy bear.
one thing that people hug in bed is	dog/pet.
one type of place that has uniformed guards is	bank.
one type of place that has uniformed guards is	jail.
one type of place that has uniformed guards is	military base.
one type of place that has uniformed guards is	buckingham palace.
one type of place that has uniformed guards is	embassy.
one type of place that has uniformed guards is	museum.
one thing people crack is	nuts.
one thing people crack is	eggs.
one thing people crack is	knuckles.
one thing people crack is	glass/window.
one thing people crack is	safes.
one thing people crack is	ice.
one famous dennis is	dennis the menace.
one famous dennis is	dennis hopper.
one famous dennis is	dennis quaid.
one famous dennis is	dennis rodman.
one famous dennis is	dennis miller.
one thing that can be distracting while driving is	phone calls.
one thing that can be distracting while driving is	children.
one thing that can be distracting while driving is	texting.
one thing that can be distracting while driving is	radio.
one thing that can be distracting while driving is	passengers.
one traffic sign that best describes your love life is	stop.
one traffic sign that best describes your love life is	yield.
one traffic sign that best describes your love life is	green light.
one traffic sign that best describes your love life is	slow.
one traffic sign that best describes your love life is	caution.
one traffic sign that best describes your love life is	red light.
one traffic sign that best describes your love life is	one way.
one holiday people wear special colors for is	st. patrick's day.
one holiday people wear special colors for is	christmas.
one holiday people wear special colors for is	fourth of july.
one holiday people wear special colors for is	canada day.
to stay undercover one might a criminal have that's fake is	id.
to stay undercover one might a criminal have that's fake is	hair.
to stay undercover one might a criminal have that's fake is	name.
to stay undercover one might a criminal have that's fake is	facial hair.
to stay undercover one might a criminal have that's fake is	glasses.
one occasion for throwing a party is	birthday.
one occasion for throwing a party is	graduation.
one occasion for throwing a party is	weddings.
one occasion for throwing a party is	christmas.
one occasion for throwing a party is	new years.
one activity you need special clothes for is	snowboarding.
one activity you need special clothes for is	swimming.
one activity you need special clothes for is	cooking.
one activity you need special clothes for is	hiking.
one occupation in which you deal with people's feet is	podiatrist.
one occupation in which you deal with people's feet is	manicurist.
one occupation in which you deal with people's feet is	shoes saleman.
one occupation in which you deal with people's feet is	masseuse.
one occupation in which you deal with people's feet is	reflexologist.
one occupation in which you deal with people's feet is	nurse.
one excuse people give for showing up late is	car trouble.
one excuse people give for showing up late is	traffic.
one excuse people give for showing up late is	overslept.
one excuse people give for showing up late is	ran out of gas.
one excuse people give for showing up late is	kids.
one excuse people give for showing up late is	long night.
one thing you'd hate to be doing at home when the fire alarm goes off is	showering/bathing.
one thing you'd hate to be doing at home when the fire alarm goes off is	sleeping.
one thing you'd hate to be doing at home when the fire alarm goes off is	on the "throne".
one thing you'd hate to be doing at home when the fire alarm goes off is	making love.
one thing you'd hate to be doing at home when the fire alarm goes off is	eating/cooking.
one thing mothers tell their children not to do in public is	pick their nose.
one thing mothers tell their children not to do in public is	yell.
one thing mothers tell their children not to do in public is	cry.
one thing mothers tell their children not to do in public is	pee.
one thing mothers tell their children not to do in public is	misbehave.
one thing mothers tell their children not to do in public is	belch.
how many pounds a newborn weighs is	7 pounds.
how many pounds a newborn weighs is	8 pounds.
how many pounds a newborn weighs is	7.5 pounds.
how many pounds a newborn weighs is	6 pounds.
how many pounds a newborn weighs is	9 pounds.
how many pounds a newborn weighs is	6.5 pounds.
one thing you can't control, but you wish you could is	weather.
one thing you can't control, but you wish you could is	other people.
one thing you can't control, but you wish you could is	life.
one thing you can't control, but you wish you could is	time.
one thing you can't control, but you wish you could is	money.
one thing you can't control, but you wish you could is	government.
one thing people do at home when they can't afford to go out is	watch movies.
one thing people do at home when they can't afford to go out is	watch tv.
one thing people do at home when they can't afford to go out is	home cooked meal.
one thing people do at home when they can't afford to go out is	drink.
one thing that smells great when it's new is	car upholstery.
one thing that smells great when it's new is	leather.
one thing that smells great when it's new is	sneakers.
one thing that smells great when it's new is	flowers.
one thing that makes more noise the older it gets is	car.
one thing that makes more noise the older it gets is	people.
one thing that makes more noise the older it gets is	washing machine.
one thing that makes more noise the older it gets is	air conditioner.
one thing that makes more noise the older it gets is	motorcycle.
one thing that a teenager still needs from their parents is	love.
one thing that a teenager still needs from their parents is	guidance.
one thing that a teenager still needs from their parents is	rides.
one thing that a teenager still needs from their parents is	rules.
one thing that a teenager still needs from their parents is	shelter.
one thing people pitch is	ball.
one thing people pitch is	tent.
one thing people pitch is	horseshoes.
one thing people pitch is	sales.
one thing people pitch is	ideas.
one thing people pitch is	hay.
one thing people pitch is	fits.
one thing warm and soothing you hate to get out of is	bathtub.
one thing warm and soothing you hate to get out of is	bed.
one thing warm and soothing you hate to get out of is	car.
one thing warm and soothing you hate to get out of is	nightgown.
one thing warm and soothing you hate to get out of is	chairs.
one thing you keep under your sink is	cleaning supplies.
one thing you keep under your sink is	dish soap.
one thing you keep under your sink is	drain cleaner.
one thing you keep under your sink is	plunger.
one thing you keep under your sink is	toilet paper.
unlike a wedding, one social event that you'd never want to crash is	funeral.
unlike a wedding, one social event that you'd never want to crash is	birthday.
unlike a wedding, one social event that you'd never want to crash is	graduation.
unlike a wedding, one social event that you'd never want to crash is	baby shower.
unlike a wedding, one social event that you'd never want to crash is	baptism.
unlike a wedding, one social event that you'd never want to crash is	anniversary.
one might happen to cause a rock concert to end abruptly is	violence.
one might happen to cause a rock concert to end abruptly is	bad weather.
one might happen to cause a rock concert to end abruptly is	fire.
one might happen to cause a rock concert to end abruptly is	power outage.
one olympic sport would a cow look most funny participating in is	running.
one olympic sport would a cow look most funny participating in is	swimming.
one olympic sport would a cow look most funny participating in is	skiing.
one olympic sport would a cow look most funny participating in is	lomg jump.
one olympic sport would a cow look most funny participating in is	gymnastics.
one olympic sport would a cow look most funny participating in is	figure skating.
one would the guinness award winner for longest fingernails have trouble doing is	typing.
one would the guinness award winner for longest fingernails have trouble doing is	eating.
one would the guinness award winner for longest fingernails have trouble doing is	blowing nose.
one would the guinness award winner for longest fingernails have trouble doing is	writing.
one would the guinness award winner for longest fingernails have trouble doing is	scratching an itch.
one would the guinness award winner for longest fingernails have trouble doing is	tying shoes.
one are some non-living thing that you might see flying in the sky is	airplane.
one are some non-living thing that you might see flying in the sky is	kite.
one are some non-living thing that you might see flying in the sky is	balloons.
one are some non-living thing that you might see flying in the sky is	ufo.
one person in a school building is likely to get the biggest ego is	principal.
one person in a school building is likely to get the biggest ego is	teacher.
one person in a school building is likely to get the biggest ego is	star athlete.
one person in a school building is likely to get the biggest ego is	bully.
ones the first thing a husband does when he finds out his wife is pregnant is	cry.
ones the first thing a husband does when he finds out his wife is pregnant is	faint.
ones the first thing a husband does when he finds out his wife is pregnant is	hug her.
ones the first thing a husband does when he finds out his wife is pregnant is	celebrate.
ones the first thing a husband does when he finds out his wife is pregnant is	call family.
when scuba diving, one thing you have to wear to make yourself more like a fish is	flippers.
when scuba diving, one thing you have to wear to make yourself more like a fish is	goggles.
when scuba diving, one thing you have to wear to make yourself more like a fish is	oxygen tank.
when scuba diving, one thing you have to wear to make yourself more like a fish is	wetsuit.
one item does a prank store likely sell a lot of is	whoopie cushion.
one item does a prank store likely sell a lot of is	dog doo doo.
one item does a prank store likely sell a lot of is	hand buzzer.
one item does a prank store likely sell a lot of is	decks of cards.
one item does a prank store likely sell a lot of is	trick gum.
one item does a prank store likely sell a lot of is	silly string.
one sport at the olympics would the average person off the street be most competitive at is	track.
one sport at the olympics would the average person off the street be most competitive at is	basketball.
one sport at the olympics would the average person off the street be most competitive at is	swimming.
one sport at the olympics would the average person off the street be most competitive at is	boxing.
one sport at the olympics would the average person off the street be most competitive at is	shotput.
one sport at the olympics would the average person off the street be most competitive at is	hockey.
Q: who wears a uniform with shirt and pants of the same color? A:	medical professional.
Q: who wears a uniform with shirt and pants of the same color? A:	cop.
Q: who wears a uniform with shirt and pants of the same color? A:	military.
Q: who wears a uniform with shirt and pants of the same color? A:	mail carrier.
Q: who wears a uniform with shirt and pants of the same color? A:	prisoner.
Q: who wears a uniform with shirt and pants of the same color? A:	janitor.
one might you see in front of the neighbors' house that lets you know they're moving is	moving truck.
one might you see in front of the neighbors' house that lets you know they're moving is	for sale sign.
one might you see in front of the neighbors' house that lets you know they're moving is	boxes.
one might you see in front of the neighbors' house that lets you know they're moving is	furniture.
one are some actions people might take to be more earth friendly is	recycling.
one are some actions people might take to be more earth friendly is	buy hybrid car.
one are some actions people might take to be more earth friendly is	use less paper.
one are some actions people might take to be more earth friendly is	plant trees.
one is the most fun thing a farmer gets to ride on is	tractor.
one is the most fun thing a farmer gets to ride on is	horse.
one is the most fun thing a farmer gets to ride on is	bull.
one is the most fun thing a farmer gets to ride on is	farm truck.
one do parents most like to receive from their children is	hugs.
one do parents most like to receive from their children is	love.
one do parents most like to receive from their children is	kisses.
one do parents most like to receive from their children is	good grades.
one do parents most like to receive from their children is	artwork.
one do parents most like to receive from their children is	cards.
one do parents most like to receive from their children is	respect.
one do people miss most about college once they get a job is	partying.
one do people miss most about college once they get a job is	friends.
one do people miss most about college once they get a job is	freedom.
one do people miss most about college once they get a job is	financial help.
Q: why might a person refuse to remove their shoes at a party? A:	smelly feet.
Q: why might a person refuse to remove their shoes at a party? A:	dirty floor.
Q: why might a person refuse to remove their shoes at a party? A:	no socks.
Q: why might a person refuse to remove their shoes at a party? A:	ugly feet.
Q: why might a person refuse to remove their shoes at a party? A:	cold feet.
when wading in a lake, one thing you feel against your feet is	pebbles.
when wading in a lake, one thing you feel against your feet is	sand/mud.
when wading in a lake, one thing you feel against your feet is	fish.
when wading in a lake, one thing you feel against your feet is	seaweed.
when wading in a lake, one thing you feel against your feet is	shells.
one's a job out of work actors do is	wait tables.
one's a job out of work actors do is	clean.
one's a job out of work actors do is	security.
one's a job out of work actors do is	commercials.
one's a job out of work actors do is	valet parking.
one's a job out of work actors do is	model.
one's a job out of work actors do is	singing telegram.
one everyday activity burns the most calories is	walking/ running.
one everyday activity burns the most calories is	cleaning.
one everyday activity burns the most calories is	intercourse.
one everyday activity burns the most calories is	laughing.
one would santa hate to forget on christmas eve is	presents.
one would santa hate to forget on christmas eve is	reindeer.
one would santa hate to forget on christmas eve is	sleigh.
one would santa hate to forget on christmas eve is	list.
one do people use to keep their place in a book if they dont have a bookmark is	paper.
one do people use to keep their place in a book if they dont have a bookmark is	fold page.
one do people use to keep their place in a book if they dont have a bookmark is	pen.
one do people use to keep their place in a book if they dont have a bookmark is	card.
one do people use to keep their place in a book if they dont have a bookmark is	napkin.
one grade were you in school when you developed your first crush is	5th.
one grade were you in school when you developed your first crush is	1st.
one grade were you in school when you developed your first crush is	6th.
one grade were you in school when you developed your first crush is	4th.
one grade were you in school when you developed your first crush is	7th.
one grade were you in school when you developed your first crush is	2nd.
one grade were you in school when you developed your first crush is	3rd.
one might you see on the side of the road is	roadkill.
one might you see on the side of the road is	garbage.
one might you see on the side of the road is	hitchhiker.
one might you see on the side of the road is	trees.
one might you see on the side of the road is	sign.
one might a teenager do that causes their parents to forbid them from using the family car is	crash it.
one might a teenager do that causes their parents to forbid them from using the family car is	drink.
one might a teenager do that causes their parents to forbid them from using the family car is	bad grades.
one might a teenager do that causes their parents to forbid them from using the family car is	speed.
one might a teenager do that causes their parents to forbid them from using the family car is	stay out late.
one might a teenager do that causes their parents to forbid them from using the family car is	get a ticket.
one kinds of things might people lie about at their high school reunions is	job.
one kinds of things might people lie about at their high school reunions is	money.
one kinds of things might people lie about at their high school reunions is	weight.
one kinds of things might people lie about at their high school reunions is	how many kids.
one kinds of things might people lie about at their high school reunions is	marital status.
one kinds of things might people lie about at their high school reunions is	grades.
one food that gets stuck in you teeth should be avoided on a date is	corn.
one food that gets stuck in you teeth should be avoided on a date is	spinach.
one food that gets stuck in you teeth should be avoided on a date is	popcorn.
one food that gets stuck in you teeth should be avoided on a date is	steak.
Q: where were you the last time you had a bit too much to drink? A:	bar.
Q: where were you the last time you had a bit too much to drink? A:	home.
Q: where were you the last time you had a bit too much to drink? A:	holiday party.
Q: where were you the last time you had a bit too much to drink? A:	wedding.
Q: where were you the last time you had a bit too much to drink? A:	college.
Q: where in your office would make a good place to hide from your boss? A:	under desk/table.
Q: where in your office would make a good place to hide from your boss? A:	bathroom.
Q: where in your office would make a good place to hide from your boss? A:	closet/supply room.
Q: where in your office would make a good place to hide from your boss? A:	kitchen/staff lounge.
one sports are more popular in america than in other countries is	football.
one sports are more popular in america than in other countries is	baseball.
one sports are more popular in america than in other countries is	basketball.
one sports are more popular in america than in other countries is	hockey.
one sports are more popular in america than in other countries is	golf.
one do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there is	price.
one do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there is	pool.
one do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there is	location.
one do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there is	star rating.
one do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there is	includes breakfast.
one do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there is	clean.
one do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there is	vacancy.
one do you do when you want to sing along with a song but dont know the words is	hum.
one do you do when you want to sing along with a song but dont know the words is	mumble.
one do you do when you want to sing along with a song but dont know the words is	pretend to know.
one do you do when you want to sing along with a song but dont know the words is	whistle.
one do you do when you want to sing along with a song but dont know the words is	lip sync.
one talk show host would you like to have interview you is	oprah winfrey.
one talk show host would you like to have interview you is	david letterman.
one talk show host would you like to have interview you is	barbara walters.
one talk show host would you like to have interview you is	jay leno.
one talk show host would you like to have interview you is	jerry springer.
one talk show host would you like to have interview you is	ellen.
one type of professional would you least like to get into an argument with, because you'd never win is	lawyer.
one type of professional would you least like to get into an argument with, because you'd never win is	boxer.
one type of professional would you least like to get into an argument with, because you'd never win is	politician.
one type of professional would you least like to get into an argument with, because you'd never win is	police.
one type of professional would you least like to get into an argument with, because you'd never win is	therapist.
one type of professional would you least like to get into an argument with, because you'd never win is	judge.
one might you do for a gift if you're short on cash is	homemade gift.
one might you do for a gift if you're short on cash is	give a card.
one might you do for a gift if you're short on cash is	charge it.
one might you do for a gift if you're short on cash is	re gift.
one would you be surprised to hear that a married couple does separately is	sleep.
one would you be surprised to hear that a married couple does separately is	vacation.
one would you be surprised to hear that a married couple does separately is	eat meals.
one is the best gift for your boss to give you around the holidays is	raise/bonus.
one is the best gift for your boss to give you around the holidays is	days off.
one is the best gift for your boss to give you around the holidays is	holiday food.
one is the best gift for your boss to give you around the holidays is	gift card.
one is the best gift for your boss to give you around the holidays is	jewelry.
one christmas "gift" can you give one person, without going shopping is	money.
one christmas "gift" can you give one person, without going shopping is	love.
one christmas "gift" can you give one person, without going shopping is	baked goods.
one christmas "gift" can you give one person, without going shopping is	card.
one christmas "gift" can you give one person, without going shopping is	gift card.
one christmas "gift" can you give one person, without going shopping is	hugs/kiss.
one activity would a celeb least like to be photographed doing is	eating.
one activity would a celeb least like to be photographed doing is	showing affection.
one activity would a celeb least like to be photographed doing is	picking nose.
one activity would a celeb least like to be photographed doing is	wearing swimsuit.
one activity would a celeb least like to be photographed doing is	drinking.
one activity would a celeb least like to be photographed doing is	sleeping.
one is the most important thing to do when planning a valentine's day date is	get flowers.
one is the most important thing to do when planning a valentine's day date is	make reservations.
one is the most important thing to do when planning a valentine's day date is	buy gift.
one is the most important thing to do when planning a valentine's day date is	choose the place.
Q: where might a pet lover think their dog should be allowed? A:	store.
Q: where might a pet lover think their dog should be allowed? A:	restaurant.
Q: where might a pet lover think their dog should be allowed? A:	park.
Q: where might a pet lover think their dog should be allowed? A:	hotel.
Q: where might a pet lover think their dog should be allowed? A:	work.
one do people bring back as a souvenir from disneyworld is	mouse ears.
one do people bring back as a souvenir from disneyworld is	t shirt.
one do people bring back as a souvenir from disneyworld is	keychain.
one do people bring back as a souvenir from disneyworld is	stuffed animal/ doll.
one do people bring back as a souvenir from disneyworld is	autograph.
Q: where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off? A:	mall/ dept store.
Q: where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off? A:	grocery store.
Q: where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off? A:	bank.
Q: where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off? A:	mechanic.
Q: where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off? A:	restaurant.
Q: where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off? A:	movie theatre.
Q: where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off? A:	gas station.
one former president would look funny wearing a dress is	george w bush.
one former president would look funny wearing a dress is	william clinton.
one former president would look funny wearing a dress is	abe lincoln.
one former president would look funny wearing a dress is	richard nixon.
one former president would look funny wearing a dress is	george washington.
one former president would look funny wearing a dress is	ronald reagan.
ones the messiest thing to clean up after the christmas holiday is	kitchen.
ones the messiest thing to clean up after the christmas holiday is	tree.
ones the messiest thing to clean up after the christmas holiday is	wrapping paper.
ones the messiest thing to clean up after the christmas holiday is	decorations.
one signs of being a "bad boy" might a woman be attracted to is	tattoos.
one signs of being a "bad boy" might a woman be attracted to is	motorcycle.
one signs of being a "bad boy" might a woman be attracted to is	rebelious outfit.
one signs of being a "bad boy" might a woman be attracted to is	criminal record.
Q: where do you like to go barefoot? A:	beach.
Q: where do you like to go barefoot? A:	park.
Q: where do you like to go barefoot? A:	shower.
Q: where do you like to go barefoot? A:	bed.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing men do to their hair that's a real turn-off is	dye/bleach.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing men do to their hair that's a real turn-off is	gel products.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing men do to their hair that's a real turn-off is	"the comb-over".
we surveyed 100 womenone thing men do to their hair that's a real turn-off is	cut short/shave.
one's the worst apest of flying is	crashing.
one's the worst apest of flying is	landing.
one's the worst apest of flying is	turbulence.
one's the worst apest of flying is	ears plug up.
one's the worst apest of flying is	taking off.
one was your proudest achievement when you were a child is	grades.
one was your proudest achievement when you were a child is	riding a bike.
one was your proudest achievement when you were a child is	playing sports.
one was your proudest achievement when you were a child is	won spelling bee.
one was your proudest achievement when you were a child is	learn to read.
one was your proudest achievement when you were a child is	music.
one was your proudest achievement when you were a child is	graduated.
one was your proudest achievement when you were a child is	scholarship.
when you think of a country western music legend, one singer comes to mind is	johnny cash.
when you think of a country western music legend, one singer comes to mind is	garth brooks.
when you think of a country western music legend, one singer comes to mind is	kenny rogers.
when you think of a country western music legend, one singer comes to mind is	willie nelson.
when you think of a country western music legend, one singer comes to mind is	tim mcgraw.
when you think of a country western music legend, one singer comes to mind is	reba mcentire.
one comedian has made the most money this year is	jerry seinfeld.
one comedian has made the most money this year is	drew carey.
one comedian has made the most money this year is	chris rock.
one comedian has made the most money this year is	adam sandler.
one comedian has made the most money this year is	jeff foxworthy.
one comedian has made the most money this year is	jay leno.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you can do better than your mother could is	cook/bake.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you can do better than your mother could is	housework/laundry.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you can do better than your mother could is	sew.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing you can do better than your mother could is	dance.
we surveyed 100 menone magazine you always enjoy reading is	sports illustr'd.
we surveyed 100 menone magazine you always enjoy reading is	playboy.
we surveyed 100 menone magazine you always enjoy reading is	ebony.
we surveyed 100 menone magazine you always enjoy reading is	time.
we surveyed 100 menone magazine you always enjoy reading is	jet.
one is your favorite casino in las vegas to lose all your money at is	caesar's palace.
one is your favorite casino in las vegas to lose all your money at is	luxor.
one is your favorite casino in las vegas to lose all your money at is	mgm grand.
one is your favorite casino in las vegas to lose all your money at is	the mirage.
one is your favorite casino in las vegas to lose all your money at is	harrah's.
we surveyed 100 married menone is your wife always after you to learn how to do better is	clean.
we surveyed 100 married menone is your wife always after you to learn how to do better is	cook.
we surveyed 100 married menone is your wife always after you to learn how to do better is	communicate.
we surveyed 100 married menone is your wife always after you to learn how to do better is	home repairs.
one is the biggest party city in the usa is	new york.
one is the biggest party city in the usa is	new orleans.
100 woman surveyed people promise to marry for better or worse one thing that turned out better than you expected is	love.
100 woman surveyed people promise to marry for better or worse one thing that turned out better than you expected is	children.
100 woman surveyed people promise to marry for better or worse one thing that turned out better than you expected is	companionship.
100 woman surveyed people promise to marry for better or worse one thing that turned out better than you expected is	motherhood.
100 woman surveyed people promise to marry for better or worse one thing that turned out better than you expected is	sharing cooking.
100 woman surveyed people promise to marry for better or worse one thing that turned out better than you expected is	not have to work.
we surveyed 100 married womenone famous store you wish your husband owned is	macy's.
we surveyed 100 married womenone famous store you wish your husband owned is	tiffany & company.
we surveyed 100 married womenone famous store you wish your husband owned is	wal-mart.
we surveyed 100 married womenone famous store you wish your husband owned is	saks 5th avenue.
we surveyed 100 married womenone famous store you wish your husband owned is	starbucks.
we surveyed 100 married womenone famous store you wish your husband owned is	bloomingdale's.
when ordering a hamburger, one thing you might want extra of is	pickles.
when ordering a hamburger, one thing you might want extra of is	cheese.
when ordering a hamburger, one thing you might want extra of is	ketchup.
we surveyed 100 menone magazine cover would you like to be asked to pose for is	sports illustr'd.
we surveyed 100 menone magazine cover would you like to be asked to pose for is	gq.
we surveyed 100 menone magazine cover would you like to be asked to pose for is	people.
we surveyed 100 menone magazine cover would you like to be asked to pose for is	time.
we surveyed 100 menone magazine cover would you like to be asked to pose for is	playgirl.
we surveyed 100 menone magazine cover would you like to be asked to pose for is	rolling stone.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting is	i love you.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting is	you're beautiful.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting is	here's $ to shop.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting is	let's go vacation.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting is	let's go out/eat.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting is	how was your day?.
we surveyed 100 married womenone thing you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting is	lost lbs./not fat.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about is	her weight.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about is	her looks/hair.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about is	her clothes.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about is	her age.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about is	her cooking.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about is	way raises kids.
we surveyed 100 menone thing you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about is	her husband.
we surveyed 100 menwhen it comes to women, one thing more important to you than a great bod is	good personality.
we surveyed 100 menwhen it comes to women, one thing more important to you than a great bod is	brains/wisdom.
we surveyed 100 menwhen it comes to women, one thing more important to you than a great bod is	kindness.
we surveyed 100 menwhen it comes to women, one thing more important to you than a great bod is	money.
we surveyed 100 menwhen it comes to women, one thing more important to you than a great bod is	beauty/looks.
when women get bored, one thing they change is	hairstyle/color.
when women get bored, one thing they change is	clothes/wardrobe.
when women get bored, one thing they change is	house/decor.
when women get bored, one thing they change is	man/boyfriend.
when a man starts to go bald, one place he starts finding his hair is	shower.
when a man starts to go bald, one place he starts finding his hair is	sink.
when a man starts to go bald, one place he starts finding his hair is	comb.
when a man starts to go bald, one place he starts finding his hair is	pillow.
when a man starts to go bald, one place he starts finding his hair is	his ears.
when a man starts to go bald, one place he starts finding his hair is	floor.
one us city has the most residents born outside the usa is	new york.
one us city has the most residents born outside the usa is	los angeles.
one us city has the most residents born outside the usa is	miami.
one us city has the most residents born outside the usa is	san diego.
one us city has the most residents born outside the usa is	san francisco.
one us city has the most residents born outside the usa is	el paso.
one do you do when another driver cuts you off in traffic is	curse/yell.
one do you do when another driver cuts you off in traffic is	ignore them.
one do you do when another driver cuts you off in traffic is	flip off/gesture.
one do you do when another driver cuts you off in traffic is	honk horn.
one is your favourite part of a wedding is	reception.
one is your favourite part of a wedding is	end.
one is your favourite part of a wedding is	ceremony.
one is your favourite part of a wedding is	kiss.
one is your favourite part of a wedding is	bride dress.
one american city do you think has the smartest people is	new york.
one american city do you think has the smartest people is	los angeles.
one american city do you think has the smartest people is	washington, d.c..
one american city do you think has the smartest people is	boston.
one american city do you think has the smartest people is	seattle.
one do many people look back on as the most frightening day of their lives is	wedding day.
one do many people look back on as the most frightening day of their lives is	accidents.
one do many people look back on as the most frightening day of their lives is	sept.11.
one do many people look back on as the most frightening day of their lives is	birth of child.
one do many people look back on as the most frightening day of their lives is	first day of new....
one do many people look back on as the most frightening day of their lives is	storm.
one toys for kids do adults like to play with during the holidays is	videogames.
one toys for kids do adults like to play with during the holidays is	rc cars.
one toys for kids do adults like to play with during the holidays is	legos.
one toys for kids do adults like to play with during the holidays is	trains.
one toys for kids do adults like to play with during the holidays is	board games.
one toys for kids do adults like to play with during the holidays is	puzzles.
we surveyed 100 menone thing that you'd enjoy about being mr mom is	take care of kids.
we surveyed 100 menone thing that you'd enjoy about being mr mom is	cooking.
we surveyed 100 menone thing that you'd enjoy about being mr mom is	being at home.
we surveyed 100 menone thing that you'd enjoy about being mr mom is	watching tv.
we surveyed 100 menone thing that you'd enjoy about being mr mom is	cleaning/laundry.
we all know the grinch stole christmas,  another holiday he might want to steal is	thanksgiving.
we all know the grinch stole christmas,  another holiday he might want to steal is	easter.
one musical instrument requires a lot of breath to play is	trumpet.
one musical instrument requires a lot of breath to play is	flute.
one musical instrument requires a lot of breath to play is	tuba.
one musical instrument requires a lot of breath to play is	saxophone.
one musical instrument requires a lot of breath to play is	trombone.
one musical instrument requires a lot of breath to play is	clarinet.
one might you give a kid on the 4th of july is	fireworks.
one might you give a kid on the 4th of july is	flags.
one might you give a kid on the 4th of july is	hotdogs.
one might you give a kid on the 4th of july is	candy.
one might you give a kid on the 4th of july is	ice cream.
one might you give a kid on the 4th of july is	balloons.
one might you give a kid on the 4th of july is	hats.
one usually needs fixing in a "fixer-upper" house is	roof.
one usually needs fixing in a "fixer-upper" house is	everything.
one usually needs fixing in a "fixer-upper" house is	kitchen.
one usually needs fixing in a "fixer-upper" house is	bathroom.
one usually needs fixing in a "fixer-upper" house is	plumbing.
one usually needs fixing in a "fixer-upper" house is	floors.
one weather condition might a meteorologist have trouble pronouncing is	tsunami.
one weather condition might a meteorologist have trouble pronouncing is	tornado.
one weather condition might a meteorologist have trouble pronouncing is	hurricane.
one weather condition might a meteorologist have trouble pronouncing is	typhoon.
one weather condition might a meteorologist have trouble pronouncing is	precipitation.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships is	shoes/clothes.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships is	jewelry/watch.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships is	house.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships is	car.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships is	friendships.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships is	pet.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships is	children.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships is	job.
one do you think your approximate iq is is	120.
one do you think your approximate iq is is	100.
one do you think your approximate iq is is	150.
one do you think your approximate iq is is	140.
one do you think your approximate iq is is	130.
one do you think your approximate iq is is	110.
one would you do if your spouse packed on 50 pounds is	deal with it.
one would you do if your spouse packed on 50 pounds is	put on a diet.
one would you do if your spouse packed on 50 pounds is	divorce.
one would you do if your spouse packed on 50 pounds is	exercise.
one would you do if your spouse packed on 50 pounds is	talk to.
one would you do if your spouse packed on 50 pounds is	go shopping.
we surveyed 100 married womenbesides yourself,  one person who spends a lot of time with your husband is	co-worker/boss.
we surveyed 100 married womenbesides yourself,  one person who spends a lot of time with your husband is	his friends.
we surveyed 100 married womenbesides yourself,  one person who spends a lot of time with your husband is	the children.
we surveyed 100 married womenbesides yourself,  one person who spends a lot of time with your husband is	his mother.
we surveyed 100 married womenbesides yourself,  one person who spends a lot of time with your husband is	his mistress.
we surveyed 100 married womenbesides yourself,  one person who spends a lot of time with your husband is	his sibling.
we surveyed 100 married womenbesides yourself,  one person who spends a lot of time with your husband is	his dog/pet.
one would you trust your husband to fix around the house is	nothing.
one would you trust your husband to fix around the house is	plumbing.
one would you trust your husband to fix around the house is	anything.
one would you trust your husband to fix around the house is	television.
one would you trust your husband to fix around the house is	roof.
when you rush out the door for work in the morning, one thing you are apt to leave behind is	lunch.
when you rush out the door for work in the morning, one thing you are apt to leave behind is	mobile phone.
when you rush out the door for work in the morning, one thing you are apt to leave behind is	keys.
when you rush out the door for work in the morning, one thing you are apt to leave behind is	coffee.
when you rush out the door for work in the morning, one thing you are apt to leave behind is	brief case.
when you rush out the door for work in the morning, one thing you are apt to leave behind is	money.
one is it that you might see an "out of order" sign on that would make you very unhappy is	bathroom/toilet.
one is it that you might see an "out of order" sign on that would make you very unhappy is	atm.
one is it that you might see an "out of order" sign on that would make you very unhappy is	vending machine.
one is it that you might see an "out of order" sign on that would make you very unhappy is	gas station/pump.
one is it that you might see an "out of order" sign on that would make you very unhappy is	telephone.
one president's daughter do you think appeared nude in playboy is	bill clinton.
one president's daughter do you think appeared nude in playboy is	george w. bush.
one president's daughter do you think appeared nude in playboy is	ronald reagan.
one president's daughter do you think appeared nude in playboy is	richard nixon.
one president's daughter do you think appeared nude in playboy is	jimmy carter.
one president's daughter do you think appeared nude in playboy is	lyndon b. johnson.
one one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip is	toilet.
one one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip is	tv.
one one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip is	shower.
one one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip is	bed.
one one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip is	running water.
one one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip is	hair dryer.
one one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip is	phone.
one is the first thing a lady notices when she meets a man is	eyes.
one is the first thing a lady notices when she meets a man is	smile.
one is the first thing a lady notices when she meets a man is	face.
one is the first thing a lady notices when she meets a man is	shoes.
one is the first thing a lady notices when she meets a man is	body.
one is the first thing a lady notices when she meets a man is	hair.
one sin do you think people confess most in confession is	adultery/lust.
one sin do you think people confess most in confession is	lying.
one sin do you think people confess most in confession is	curse/blaspheme.
one sin do you think people confess most in confession is	stealing.
Q: who is the best known person alive today? A:	george bush.
Q: who is the best known person alive today? A:	ronald reagan.
Q: who is the best known person alive today? A:	mikhail gorbachev.
Q: who is the best known person alive today? A:	pope john paul ii.
Q: who is the best known person alive today? A:	bob hope.
Q: who is the best known person alive today? A:	donald trump.
Q: who is the best known person alive today? A:	michael jackson.
Q: who is the best known person alive today? A:	elizabeth taylor.
Q: who is the best known person alive today? A:	princess diana.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenfinish this sentence a man doesn't have a chance with me if he doesn't have a? A:	job.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenfinish this sentence a man doesn't have a chance with me if he doesn't have a? A:	personality.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenfinish this sentence a man doesn't have a chance with me if he doesn't have a? A:	good heart/kind.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenfinish this sentence a man doesn't have a chance with me if he doesn't have a? A:	car.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenfinish this sentence a man doesn't have a chance with me if he doesn't have a? A:	bank account.
Q: we surveyed 100 womenfinish this sentence a man doesn't have a chance with me if he doesn't have a? A:	brain.
one do many new husbands promise they'll get their wives "someday" is	house.
one do many new husbands promise they'll get their wives "someday" is	clothes.
one do many new husbands promise they'll get their wives "someday" is	jewelry.
one do many new husbands promise they'll get their wives "someday" is	car.
one do many new husbands promise they'll get their wives "someday" is	furniture.
one are common games to play at a family reunion is	horseshoes.
one are common games to play at a family reunion is	cards/board game.
one are common games to play at a family reunion is	volleyball.
one are common games to play at a family reunion is	charades.
one are common games to play at a family reunion is	baseball.
one are common games to play at a family reunion is	bingo.
one are common games to play at a family reunion is	tag.
Q: why do most people never end up in movies? A:	don't look good.
Q: why do most people never end up in movies? A:	can't act.
one's a good gift to take to one person who is staying in the hospital is	flowers.
one's a good gift to take to one person who is staying in the hospital is	books/magazines.
one's a good gift to take to one person who is staying in the hospital is	food/snacks.
one's a good gift to take to one person who is staying in the hospital is	balloons.
when mom's away, one thing dad serves kids for dinner is	pizza.
when mom's away, one thing dad serves kids for dinner is	hot dogs.
when mom's away, one thing dad serves kids for dinner is	pasta/macaroni.
when mom's away, one thing dad serves kids for dinner is	mcdon./hamburger.
when mom's away, one thing dad serves kids for dinner is	tv dinner.
when mom's away, one thing dad serves kids for dinner is	soup.
when mom's away, one thing dad serves kids for dinner is	cake.
we surveyed 100 married peopleone is the biggest complaint about sleeping with your spouse is	snoring.
we surveyed 100 married peopleone is the biggest complaint about sleeping with your spouse is	moving/hogs bed.
we surveyed 100 married peopleone is the biggest complaint about sleeping with your spouse is	hogs covers.
we surveyed 100 married peopleone is the biggest complaint about sleeping with your spouse is	bathroom trips.
one should you never forget to take to the beach is	towel.
one should you never forget to take to the beach is	sunscreen.
one would a college kid do right before his parents come to visit is	clean.
one would a college kid do right before his parents come to visit is	homework.
one would a college kid do right before his parents come to visit is	shower.
at one age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument is	5.
at one age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument is	6.
at one age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument is	7.
at one age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument is	8.
at one age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument is	10.
at one age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument is	12.
at one age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument is	13.
at one type of place would you be surprised to see a neon sign hanging in the window is	place of worship.
at one type of place would you be surprised to see a neon sign hanging in the window is	my house.
at one type of place would you be surprised to see a neon sign hanging in the window is	hospital.
at one type of place would you be surprised to see a neon sign hanging in the window is	dentist's office.
at one type of place would you be surprised to see a neon sign hanging in the window is	library.
at one type of place would you be surprised to see a neon sign hanging in the window is	school.
according to single men one is the one thing you might want to know when you meet a women, but do not have the nerve to ask is	single.
according to single men one is the one thing you might want to know when you meet a women, but do not have the nerve to ask is	age.
according to single men one is the one thing you might want to know when you meet a women, but do not have the nerve to ask is	kids.
at the dinner table, one food do kids most like to play with is	vegetables.
at the dinner table, one food do kids most like to play with is	spaghetti.
at the dinner table, one food do kids most like to play with is	mashed potatoes.
after thanksgiving, one food you make all of the leftover turkey is	turkey sandwich.
after thanksgiving, one food you make all of the leftover turkey is	stew.
a mugger hopes you have money one thing he hopes you don't have is	gun/weapon.
a mugger hopes you have money one thing he hopes you don't have is	mace/pepper spray.
a mugger hopes you have money one thing he hopes you don't have is	attitude/guts.
a mugger hopes you have money one thing he hopes you don't have is	empty wallet.
a mugger hopes you have money one thing he hopes you don't have is	illness.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	swiss cheese.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	parmesan.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	mozzarella.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	havarti.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	gouda.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	cream cheese.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	cheese.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	cottage cheese.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	fish eggs.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	spawn.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	roe.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	caviar.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	fish.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	shrimp.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	pate.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	liver.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	foie gras.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	king crab.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	crab.
at a fancy party, one thing you would expect to find served on a cracker is	alaskan crab.
according to women one place you'd want a gorgeous man to whisk you away to is	hawaii.
according to women one place you'd want a gorgeous man to whisk you away to is	france.
according to women one place you'd want a gorgeous man to whisk you away to is	tropical island.
according to women one place you'd want a gorgeous man to whisk you away to is	home.
according to women one place you'd want a gorgeous man to whisk you away to is	italy.
according to women one place you'd want a gorgeous man to whisk you away to is	the caribbean.
a song might be a hit one thing else that might be a hit is	movie.
a song might be a hit one thing else that might be a hit is	tv show.
a song might be a hit one thing else that might be a hit is	broadway play.
a song might be a hit one thing else that might be a hit is	dance.
a song might be a hit one thing else that might be a hit is	book.
a song might be a hit one thing else that might be a hit is	baseball/sport.
after the united states, one country has the largest economy in the world is	china.
after the united states, one country has the largest economy in the world is	japan.
after the united states, one country has the largest economy in the world is	england.
after the united states, one country has the largest economy in the world is	russia.
after the united states, one country has the largest economy in the world is	france.
after the united states, one country has the largest economy in the world is	germany.
after the united states, one country has the largest economy in the world is	india.
as a man gets older, one part of his body that seems to get more hair is	ears.
as a man gets older, one part of his body that seems to get more hair is	back.
as a man gets older, one part of his body that seems to get more hair is	chest.
as a man gets older, one part of his body that seems to get more hair is	face.
as a man gets older, one part of his body that seems to get more hair is	nose.
as a man gets older, one part of his body that seems to get more hair is	posterior.
besides on the job,  another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs is	concert.
besides on the job,  another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs is	while traveling.
besides on the job,  another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs is	sleeping.
besides on the job,  another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs is	babysitting.
besides on the job,  another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs is	swimming.
besides on the job,  another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs is	in traffic.
besides on the job,  another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs is	arguement.
besides books one thing else people might put on a bookshelf is	pictures.
besides books one thing else people might put on a bookshelf is	dvds.
besides books one thing else people might put on a bookshelf is	bookends.
besides books one thing else people might put on a bookshelf is	trophies.
besides books one thing else people might put on a bookshelf is	music.
besides books one thing else people might put on a bookshelf is	magazines.
besides books one thing else people might put on a bookshelf is	folders.
besides andy one character from the andy griffith show is	opie.
besides andy one character from the andy griffith show is	barney fife.
besides andy one character from the andy griffith show is	aunt bea.
besides andy one character from the andy griffith show is	gomer pyle.
besides family feud one tv show with family in its title is	family ties.
besides family feud one tv show with family in its title is	family matters.
besides family feud one tv show with family in its title is	all in the family.
besides family feud one tv show with family in its title is	family guy.
besides family feud one tv show with family in its title is	addam's family.
besides president, one political office people run for is	governer.
besides president, one political office people run for is	senator.
besides president, one political office people run for is	congress.
besides president, one political office people run for is	mayor.
besides president, one political office people run for is	vice president.
besides president, one political office people run for is	attorney general.
besides president, one political office people run for is	secretary of state.
besdies stamps, one thing you can buy at a post office is	envelopes.
besdies stamps, one thing you can buy at a post office is	boxes.
besides white christmas, one song on bing crosby's white christmas album is	jingle bells.
besides white christmas, one song on bing crosby's white christmas album is	silver bells.
besides her looks, one thing a woman uses to snag a man is	personality.
besides her looks, one thing a woman uses to snag a man is	cooking.
besides her looks, one thing a woman uses to snag a man is	intelligent.
besides her looks, one thing a woman uses to snag a man is	money.
besides fish, one thing sold at a tropical fish store is	aquarium.
besides fish, one thing sold at a tropical fish store is	food.
besides the us, one country that produces a lot of movies is	france.
besides the us, one country that produces a lot of movies is	u.k..
besides the us, one country that produces a lot of movies is	japan.
besides the us, one country that produces a lot of movies is	india.
besides the us, one country that produces a lot of movies is	china.
based on their personality, one kind of bird would you compare your mate to is	parrot.
based on their personality, one kind of bird would you compare your mate to is	eagle.
based on their personality, one kind of bird would you compare your mate to is	crow.
based on their personality, one kind of bird would you compare your mate to is	dodo.
based on their personality, one kind of bird would you compare your mate to is	robin.
based on their personality, one kind of bird would you compare your mate to is	humming bird.
based on their personality, one kind of bird would you compare your mate to is	ostrich.
based on their personality, one kind of bird would you compare your mate to is	blue jay.
based on their personality, one kind of bird would you compare your mate to is	hummingbird.
besides marriage,  the most important decision a person will make in their life is	children.
besides marriage,  the most important decision a person will make in their life is	buying house.
besides marriage,  the most important decision a person will make in their life is	house.
besides marriage,  the most important decision a person will make in their life is	career.
besides marriage,  the most important decision a person will make in their life is	college.
besides marriage,  the most important decision a person will make in their life is	choosing church.
besides in the bathroom, one place where people might sing to themselves is	kitchen.
besides in the bathroom, one place where people might sing to themselves is	car.
besides in the bathroom, one place where people might sing to themselves is	bed.
besides in the bathroom, one place where people might sing to themselves is	living room.
besides in the bathroom, one place where people might sing to themselves is	closet.
besides in the bathroom, one place where people might sing to themselves is	rose garden.
besides shoes, one thing you might buy at a shoe store is	socks.
besides shoes, one thing you might buy at a shoe store is	laces.
besides shoes, one thing you might buy at a shoe store is	polish.
besides shoes, one thing you might buy at a shoe store is	innersoles.
besides shoes, one thing you might buy at a shoe store is	slippers.
besides shoes, one thing you might buy at a shoe store is	bag.
besides shoes, one thing you might buy at a shoe store is	shoe cleaner.
besides clothes, one thing that has a zipper is	purse.
besides clothes, one thing that has a zipper is	backpack.
besides clothes, one thing that has a zipper is	sandwich bags.
besides clothes, one thing that has a zipper is	pillows.
besides clothes, one thing that has a zipper is	shoes.
besides clothes, one thing that has a zipper is	sleeping bag.
besides a screwdriver,  the best household tool to have around is	hammer.
besides a screwdriver,  the best household tool to have around is	pliers.
besides a screwdriver,  the best household tool to have around is	wrench.
besides a screwdriver,  the best household tool to have around is	drill.
besides a motorcycle, one thing every biker dude should have is	helmet.
besides a motorcycle, one thing every biker dude should have is	jacket.
besides michael, give me the first  of one of the jackson family is	janet.
besides michael, give me the first  of one of the jackson family is	tito.
besides michael, give me the first  of one of the jackson family is	jermaine.
besides michael, give me the first  of one of the jackson family is	latoya.
besides a tyrannosaurus, one type of dinosaur kids learn about in school is	brontosaurus.
besides a tyrannosaurus, one type of dinosaur kids learn about in school is	velociraptor.
besides a tyrannosaurus, one type of dinosaur kids learn about in school is	stegosaurus.
besides a tyrannosaurus, one type of dinosaur kids learn about in school is	pterodactyl.
besides a tyrannosaurus, one type of dinosaur kids learn about in school is	triceratops.
besides a tyrannosaurus, one type of dinosaur kids learn about in school is	barney.
besides money, one would you like more of is	free time.
besides money, one would you like more of is	friends.
besides money, one would you like more of is	love.
besides money, one would you like more of is	clothes.
besides money, one would you like more of is	patience.
besides money, one would you like more of is	children.
besides drinking it one thing people use water for every day is	bathing.
besides drinking it one thing people use water for every day is	water plants.
besides jesus, one religious figure you would like to ride across the country with in a car is	moses.
besides jesus, one religious figure you would like to ride across the country with in a car is	god.
besides jesus, one religious figure you would like to ride across the country with in a car is	buddha.
besides jesus, one religious figure you would like to ride across the country with in a car is	mary magdalene.
besides jesus, one religious figure you would like to ride across the country with in a car is	mother theresa.
besides jesus, one religious figure you would like to ride across the country with in a car is	dalai lama.
besides the us, one country that has a president is	mexico.
besides the us, one country that has a president is	france.
besides the us, one country that has a president is	russia.
besides the us, one country that has a president is	south africa.
besides the us, one country that has a president is	israel.
besides the us, one country that has a president is	iran.
during a long distance bus trip, one thing you'd be disappointed to learn that the bus didn't have is	bathroom.
during a long distance bus trip, one thing you'd be disappointed to learn that the bus didn't have is	air conditioning.
during a long distance bus trip, one thing you'd be disappointed to learn that the bus didn't have is	gas.
during a long distance bus trip, one thing you'd be disappointed to learn that the bus didn't have is	television.
even as an adult one thing you've asked for your dad's advice on is	marriage/dating.
even as an adult one thing you've asked for your dad's advice on is	finances.
even as an adult one thing you've asked for your dad's advice on is	car repair.
even as an adult one thing you've asked for your dad's advice on is	kids/parenting.
everyone wants the best for their kids; specifically the best one is	life.
everyone wants the best for their kids; specifically the best one is	school.
everyone wants the best for their kids; specifically the best one is	marriage.
everyone wants the best for their kids; specifically the best one is	everything.
everyone wants the best for their kids; specifically the best one is	health.
from one activity is a man most likely to be late getting home from is	work.
from one activity is a man most likely to be late getting home from is	go to bar.
from one activity is a man most likely to be late getting home from is	golf.
from one activity is a man most likely to be late getting home from is	fishing.
Q: fill in the blank city of _____? A:	angels.
Q: fill in the blank city of _____? A:	brotherly love.
Q: fill in the blank city of _____? A:	lights.
Q: fill in the blank city of _____? A:	new york.
Q: fill in the blank city of _____? A:	love.
Q: fill in the blank city of _____? A:	dreams.
fact or fiction, one famous spacecraft is	uss enterprise.
fact or fiction, one famous spacecraft is	apollo spacecraft.
fact or fiction, one famous spacecraft is	challenger.
fact or fiction, one famous spacecraft is	battlestar galactica.
one phrase that uses the words "out of" is	time.
one phrase that uses the words "out of" is	your mind.
one phrase that uses the words "out of" is	sight.
one phrase that uses the words "out of" is	gas.
one phrase that uses the words "out of" is	money.
one phrase that uses the words "out of" is	control.
give me the  of a country that has exactly four letters is	iraq.
give me the  of a country that has exactly four letters is	iran.
give me the  of a country that has exactly four letters is	peru.
give me the  of a country that has exactly four letters is	cuba.
one sure cure for a hangover is	"hair of the dog".
one sure cure for a hangover is	drink water.
one sure cure for a hangover is	take aspirin.
one sure cure for a hangover is	sleep.
one sure cure for a hangover is	tomato juice.
one sure cure for a hangover is	drink coffee.
Q: give me something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her? A:	turns her head.
Q: give me something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her? A:	pretends sickness.
Q: give me something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her? A:	moves away.
Q: give me something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her? A:	onions/bad breath.
Q: give me something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her? A:	offers her hand.
one reason you might be late for work is	overslept.
one reason you might be late for work is	traffic.
one reason you might be late for work is	car problems.
one reason you might be late for work is	illness.
one word for a part of the day is	morning.
one word for a part of the day is	midday.
one word for a part of the day is	afternoon.
one word for a part of the day is	evening.
one word for a part of the day is	lunchtime.
one word for a part of the day is	night.
give me a man's  that is 4 letters long is	john.
give me a man's  that is 4 letters long is	paul.
give me a man's  that is 4 letters long is	mike.
give me a man's  that is 4 letters long is	fred.
give me a man's  that is 4 letters long is	mark.
give me a man's  that is 4 letters long is	bill.
give me a man's  that is 4 letters long is	dave.
one way to tell that a dog is still a puppy is	small.
one way to tell that a dog is still a puppy is	energetic.
one way to tell that a dog is still a puppy is	chews.
one way to tell that a dog is still a puppy is	big paws.
one way to tell that a dog is still a puppy is	puppy's bark.
one way to tell that a dog is still a puppy is	not house trained.
one way to tell the person youre talking to is not interested in listening is	not looking at you.
one way to tell the person youre talking to is not interested in listening is	yawning.
one way to tell the person youre talking to is not interested in listening is	fall asleep.
one way to tell the person youre talking to is not interested in listening is	rolling eyes.
one way to tell the person youre talking to is not interested in listening is	talking to someone else.
one way to tell that two people are on a first date is	seem nervous.
one way to tell that two people are on a first date is	hold hands.
if you were going to fill in for james bond, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	drive fast.
if you were going to fill in for james bond, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	shoot a gun.
if you were going to fill in for james bond, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	fight.
if you were the incredible hulk, tell me one part of your day would most likely turn you into a monster is	shopping.
if you were the incredible hulk, tell me one part of your day would most likely turn you into a monster is	work.
if you were the incredible hulk, tell me one part of your day would most likely turn you into a monster is	driving.
if you were the incredible hulk, tell me one part of your day would most likely turn you into a monster is	cleaning.
if you were the incredible hulk, tell me one part of your day would most likely turn you into a monster is	paying bills.
if a person is raised on a farm one thing you expect them to be better at is	milking cows.
if a person is raised on a farm one thing you expect them to be better at is	riding horses.
if a person is raised on a farm one thing you expect them to be better at is	gardening.
if a person is raised on a farm one thing you expect them to be better at is	cooking.
if you were looking to get thrown out of army boot camp, one thing specific you might refuse to do is	wake up early.
if you were looking to get thrown out of army boot camp, one thing specific you might refuse to do is	do exercises.
if you were looking to get thrown out of army boot camp, one thing specific you might refuse to do is	follow orders.
if you were looking to get thrown out of army boot camp, one thing specific you might refuse to do is	make bed.
if you were looking to get thrown out of army boot camp, one thing specific you might refuse to do is	march.
if you were looking to get thrown out of army boot camp, one thing specific you might refuse to do is	salute.
instead of money one might santa give his reindeer as pay is	carrots.
instead of money one might santa give his reindeer as pay is	presents.
instead of money one might santa give his reindeer as pay is	deer feed.
instead of money one might santa give his reindeer as pay is	cookies.
if stuck with no diapers, one might a desperate parent use instead is	towel.
if stuck with no diapers, one might a desperate parent use instead is	shirt.
if stuck with no diapers, one might a desperate parent use instead is	napkins.
if stuck with no diapers, one might a desperate parent use instead is	rag.
Q: if you were in an eating contest, tell me the food that would be hardest to eat without breaks for water? A:	bread.
Q: if you were in an eating contest, tell me the food that would be hardest to eat without breaks for water? A:	spicy food.
Q: if you were in an eating contest, tell me the food that would be hardest to eat without breaks for water? A:	crackers.
Q: if you were in an eating contest, tell me the food that would be hardest to eat without breaks for water? A:	peanut butter.
Q: if you were in an eating contest, tell me the food that would be hardest to eat without breaks for water? A:	cake/pie.
Q: if you were in an eating contest, tell me the food that would be hardest to eat without breaks for water? A:	pretzels.
if a person doesnt cook well one thanksgiving food might they buy instead of bake is	turkey.
if a person doesnt cook well one thanksgiving food might they buy instead of bake is	pumpkin pie.
if a person doesnt cook well one thanksgiving food might they buy instead of bake is	cake.
if a person doesnt cook well one thanksgiving food might they buy instead of bake is	stuffing.
if your local gym was run by 5-year-olds, one classes would you take instead of pilates is	tag.
if your local gym was run by 5-year-olds, one classes would you take instead of pilates is	dodge ball.
if your local gym was run by 5-year-olds, one classes would you take instead of pilates is	jump rope.
if your local gym was run by 5-year-olds, one classes would you take instead of pilates is	kickball.
if your local gym was run by 5-year-olds, one classes would you take instead of pilates is	trampoline use.
if your local gym was run by 5-year-olds, one classes would you take instead of pilates is	hopscotch.
if you got a new puppy one thing youd teach it is	sit.
if you got a new puppy one thing youd teach it is	house training.
if you got a new puppy one thing youd teach it is	fetch.
if you got a new puppy one thing youd teach it is	roll over.
if you got a new puppy one thing youd teach it is	don't bite/chew.
if you got a new puppy one thing youd teach it is	stay.
if your work wanted people to stick around the office more one should they bring in is	free food.
if your work wanted people to stick around the office more one should they bring in is	a tv set.
if your work wanted people to stick around the office more one should they bring in is	alcohol.
if your work wanted people to stick around the office more one should they bring in is	music.
if your work wanted people to stick around the office more one should they bring in is	childcare.
if you were turned into a dolphin, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	swim.
if you were turned into a dolphin, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	breathe/blow hole.
if you were turned into a dolphin, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	jump high.
if you were turned into a dolphin, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	catch fish.
if you were turned into a dolphin, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	balance ball on nose.
if you were turned into a dolphin, one thing you'd have to learn how to do is	speak dolphin.
if a restaurant was going bankrupt, one thing they might stop giving away free is	water.
if a restaurant was going bankrupt, one thing they might stop giving away free is	soda/coffee refills.
if a restaurant was going bankrupt, one thing they might stop giving away free is	bread.
if a restaurant was going bankrupt, one thing they might stop giving away free is	napkins.
if a restaurant was going bankrupt, one thing they might stop giving away free is	mints.
if a restaurant was going bankrupt, one thing they might stop giving away free is	meals/samples.
if a yearold ran his own restaurant one thing you might see on the menu is	pizza.
if a yearold ran his own restaurant one thing you might see on the menu is	candy.
if a yearold ran his own restaurant one thing you might see on the menu is	hot dogs.
if a yearold ran his own restaurant one thing you might see on the menu is	ice cream.
if a yearold ran his own restaurant one thing you might see on the menu is	hamburger.
if a yearold ran his own restaurant one thing you might see on the menu is	peanut butter & jelly.
if a yearold ran his own restaurant one thing you might see on the menu is	french fries.
instead of get a job, one thing a person might do after college is	travel.
instead of get a job, one thing a person might do after college is	get married.
instead of get a job, one thing a person might do after college is	go back to school.
instead of get a job, one thing a person might do after college is	move back home.
instead of get a job, one thing a person might do after college is	party.
instead of get a job, one thing a person might do after college is	join the military.
if you could only pack a small overnight bag, one specific essentials would be in it is	toothbrush/paste.
if you could only pack a small overnight bag, one specific essentials would be in it is	underwear.
if you could only pack a small overnight bag, one specific essentials would be in it is	make up.
if you could only pack a small overnight bag, one specific essentials would be in it is	deoderant.
if there was a gourmet cafe for dogs one coffee flavors would likely be on the menu is	beef.
if there was a gourmet cafe for dogs one coffee flavors would likely be on the menu is	milkbone.
if there was a gourmet cafe for dogs one coffee flavors would likely be on the menu is	bacon.
if there was a gourmet cafe for dogs one coffee flavors would likely be on the menu is	chicken.
if there was a gourmet cafe for dogs one coffee flavors would likely be on the menu is	cat.
if there was an airline called no frills air, one thing they might not offer passengers is	meals.
if there was an airline called no frills air, one thing they might not offer passengers is	snacks.
if there was an airline called no frills air, one thing they might not offer passengers is	movies.
if there was an airline called no frills air, one thing they might not offer passengers is	drinks.
if there was an airline called no frills air, one thing they might not offer passengers is	pillows.
if there was an airline called no frills air, one thing they might not offer passengers is	phones.
in a new house, one are the first things you unpack because you're sure to need them right away is	coffeepot/dishes.
in a new house, one are the first things you unpack because you're sure to need them right away is	clothes/pajamas.
in a new house, one are the first things you unpack because you're sure to need them right away is	food.
in a new house, one are the first things you unpack because you're sure to need them right away is	toilet paper.
in a new house, one are the first things you unpack because you're sure to need them right away is	toothbrush/soap.
in a new house, one are the first things you unpack because you're sure to need them right away is	bedding.
if you went on a camping trip by yourself one might you spend the week doing is	fishing.
if you went on a camping trip by yourself one might you spend the week doing is	sleeping.
if you went on a camping trip by yourself one might you spend the week doing is	reading.
if you went on a camping trip by yourself one might you spend the week doing is	hiking.
if you went on a camping trip by yourself one might you spend the week doing is	relaxing.
if you went on a camping trip by yourself one might you spend the week doing is	hunting.
if you went on a camping trip by yourself one might you spend the week doing is	eating.
if you moved to england one thing that would take some getting used to is	british accent.
if you moved to england one thing that would take some getting used to is	weather.
if you moved to england one thing that would take some getting used to is	driving on other side.
if you moved to england one thing that would take some getting used to is	culture.
if you moved to england one thing that would take some getting used to is	time difference.
if you're a parent, one thing you take into account when moving is	schools.
if you're a parent, one thing you take into account when moving is	yard.
if you're a parent, one thing you take into account when moving is	bedrooms/bathrooms.
if you're a parent, one thing you take into account when moving is	neighborhood/kids.
if you're a parent, one thing you take into account when moving is	near playground.
if a man is trying to get a date with a woman one might he do in order to woo her is	send flowers.
if a man is trying to get a date with a woman one might he do in order to woo her is	buy her a drink.
if a man is trying to get a date with a woman one might he do in order to woo her is	compliment her.
if a man is trying to get a date with a woman one might he do in order to woo her is	flirt.
if a man is trying to get a date with a woman one might he do in order to woo her is	pickup line.
if you could choose your neighbors one traits would you look for is	quiet.
if you could choose your neighbors one traits would you look for is	friendly.
if you could choose your neighbors one traits would you look for is	trustworthy.
if you could choose your neighbors one traits would you look for is	clean.
if you could choose your neighbors one traits would you look for is	attractive.
if one person hates to cook,one dinner that they probably eat often is	pizza.
if one person hates to cook,one dinner that they probably eat often is	noodles.
if one person hates to cook,one dinner that they probably eat often is	tv dinner.
if one person hates to cook,one dinner that they probably eat often is	fast food.
if one person hates to cook,one dinner that they probably eat often is	soup.
if one person hates to cook,one dinner that they probably eat often is	sandwich.
if you lived with a bodybuilder one word youd often hear around the house is	diet.
if you lived with a bodybuilder one word youd often hear around the house is	muscle.
if you lived with a bodybuilder one word youd often hear around the house is	protein.
if you lived with a bodybuilder one word youd often hear around the house is	weights.
if you lived with a bodybuilder one word youd often hear around the house is	gym.
if you played superman in a movie, one thing specific you'd have to wear is	cape.
if you played superman in a movie, one thing specific you'd have to wear is	tights.
if you played superman in a movie, one thing specific you'd have to wear is	make up.
if you played superman in a movie, one thing specific you'd have to wear is	speedo.
if you played superman in a movie, one thing specific you'd have to wear is	fake muscles.
if you played superman in a movie, one thing specific you'd have to wear is	glasses.
if madonna were to make a snowman one thing she might put on it is	pointy bra.
if madonna were to make a snowman one thing she might put on it is	top hat.
if madonna were to make a snowman one thing she might put on it is	jewelry.
if madonna were to make a snowman one thing she might put on it is	a cross.
if madonna were to make a snowman one thing she might put on it is	dress.
if madonna were to make a snowman one thing she might put on it is	a wig.
if madonna were to make a snowman one thing she might put on it is	makeup.
if you could be a rockstar for one night, one's the first thing you'd want to do is	perform at concert.
if you could be a rockstar for one night, one's the first thing you'd want to do is	throw a party.
if you could be a rockstar for one night, one's the first thing you'd want to do is	spend money.
if you could be a rockstar for one night, one's the first thing you'd want to do is	travel.
if you could be a rockstar for one night, one's the first thing you'd want to do is	get dates.
if you could be a rockstar for one night, one's the first thing you'd want to do is	get a paycheck.
in a scary movie, one thing specific that causes a character to scream is	monster.
in a scary movie, one thing specific that causes a character to scream is	weapon.
in a scary movie, one thing specific that causes a character to scream is	ghost.
in a scary movie, one thing specific that causes a character to scream is	bad guy.
if an alien gave you a guided tour of outer space one would be mustsee stops is	other planets.
if an alien gave you a guided tour of outer space one would be mustsee stops is	moon.
if an alien gave you a guided tour of outer space one would be mustsee stops is	sun.
in the bible, one creature noah would have had the hardest time capturing two of for his ark is	elephant.
in the bible, one creature noah would have had the hardest time capturing two of for his ark is	lion/big cats.
in the bible, one creature noah would have had the hardest time capturing two of for his ark is	snake.
in the bible, one creature noah would have had the hardest time capturing two of for his ark is	birds.
in the bible, one creature noah would have had the hardest time capturing two of for his ark is	shark.
in the bible, one creature noah would have had the hardest time capturing two of for his ark is	whales.
instead of courage or a brain one quality would you ask the wizard of oz for is	love.
instead of courage or a brain one quality would you ask the wizard of oz for is	strength.
instead of courage or a brain one quality would you ask the wizard of oz for is	beauty.
instead of courage or a brain one quality would you ask the wizard of oz for is	wisdom.
instead of courage or a brain one quality would you ask the wizard of oz for is	kindness.
if you went back in time 10,000 years, one luxury item you'd probably miss is	car.
if you went back in time 10,000 years, one luxury item you'd probably miss is	tv.
if you went back in time 10,000 years, one luxury item you'd probably miss is	air conditioning.
if you went back in time 10,000 years, one luxury item you'd probably miss is	telephone.
if you went back in time 10,000 years, one luxury item you'd probably miss is	toilet paper.
if you went back in time 10,000 years, one luxury item you'd probably miss is	computer.
if you put food outside for a stray cat,  another animal that might eat it is	raccoon.
if you put food outside for a stray cat,  another animal that might eat it is	dog.
if christmas were in july, one holiday symbol that wouldn't exist is	snowman.
if christmas were in july, one holiday symbol that wouldn't exist is	pine tree.
if people could have a spare body part, one thing you wouldn't mind having an extra one of is	hand.
if people could have a spare body part, one thing you wouldn't mind having an extra one of is	arm.
if people could have a spare body part, one thing you wouldn't mind having an extra one of is	brain.
if people could have a spare body part, one thing you wouldn't mind having an extra one of is	heart.
if people could have a spare body part, one thing you wouldn't mind having an extra one of is	eye.
in one occupation do you find the hardest working people is	construction.
in one occupation do you find the hardest working people is	farmer.
in one occupation do you find the hardest working people is	teacher.
in one occupation do you find the hardest working people is	miner.
in one occupation do you find the hardest working people is	nurse.
in one occupation do you find the hardest working people is	firefighter.
in one occupation do you find the hardest working people is	sales.
Q: if the bush family was on "family feud," who would be the best player on the team? A:	barbara bush.
Q: if the bush family was on "family feud," who would be the best player on the team? A:	laura bush.
Q: if the bush family was on "family feud," who would be the best player on the team? A:	george bush, sr..
Q: if the bush family was on "family feud," who would be the best player on the team? A:	george w. bush.
Q: if the bush family was on "family feud," who would be the best player on the team? A:	jeb bush.
Q: if the bush family was on "family feud," who would be the best player on the team? A:	jenna bush.
if your shirt accidentally caught on fire, one would be the best thing to do is	drop and roll.
if your shirt accidentally caught on fire, one would be the best thing to do is	rip it off.
if your shirt accidentally caught on fire, one would be the best thing to do is	splash water.
if your shirt accidentally caught on fire, one would be the best thing to do is	jump in pool.
if your shirt accidentally caught on fire, one would be the best thing to do is	jump in shower.
if a man got dressed in the dark, one thing of his wife's he might put on by mistake is	underwear.
if a man got dressed in the dark, one thing of his wife's he might put on by mistake is	socks.
if a man got dressed in the dark, one thing of his wife's he might put on by mistake is	shirt.
if a man got dressed in the dark, one thing of his wife's he might put on by mistake is	pants.
if a man got dressed in the dark, one thing of his wife's he might put on by mistake is	pantyhose.
if you could speak any foreign language, one one would you choose is	spanish.
if you could speak any foreign language, one one would you choose is	french.
if you could speak any foreign language, one one would you choose is	italian.
if you could speak any foreign language, one one would you choose is	japanese.
if you spent a summer in asia, one country you would visit is	china.
if you spent a summer in asia, one country you would visit is	japan.
if you spent a summer in asia, one country you would visit is	thailand.
if you spent a summer in asia, one country you would visit is	south korea.
if you spent a summer in asia, one country you would visit is	philippines.
in one profession might one person have their legs insured is	athlete.
in one profession might one person have their legs insured is	modeling.
if you saw a group of people moving in synch, one might they be doing is	dancing.
if you saw a group of people moving in synch, one might they be doing is	swimming.
if you saw a group of people moving in synch, one might they be doing is	marching.
if a 10-year-old became president,  the first thing he would outlaw is	school.
if a 10-year-old became president,  the first thing he would outlaw is	bedtime.
if a 10-year-old became president,  the first thing he would outlaw is	punishment.
if a 10-year-old became president,  the first thing he would outlaw is	parents.
if a 10-year-old became president,  the first thing he would outlaw is	vegetables.
if your socks could talk, one would they say to you is	stinky feet.
if your socks could talk, one would they say to you is	too hot.
if your socks could talk, one would they say to you is	pedicure.
if your socks could talk, one would they say to you is	lose weight.
if you had a keen sense of smell, one job you would not have is	garbage collector.
if you had a keen sense of smell, one job you would not have is	perfumer.
if you had a keen sense of smell, one job you would not have is	chef.
if you had a keen sense of smell, one job you would not have is	custodian.
if you had a keen sense of smell, one job you would not have is	zoo keeper.
if you had a keen sense of smell, one job you would not have is	farmer.
if you could miraculously become boss at work, one's the first thing you'd do is	give raises.
if you could miraculously become boss at work, one's the first thing you'd do is	fire people/boss.
if you could miraculously become boss at work, one's the first thing you'd do is	take a vacation.
if you could miraculously become boss at work, one's the first thing you'd do is	give days off.
if you could miraculously become boss at work, one's the first thing you'd do is	change hours.
if you didn't have neighbors, one thing you might do outside in the nude is	sunbathe.
if you didn't have neighbors, one thing you might do outside in the nude is	swim/jacuzzi.
if you didn't have neighbors, one thing you might do outside in the nude is	make love.
if you didn't have neighbors, one thing you might do outside in the nude is	run/exercise.
if you didn't have neighbors, one thing you might do outside in the nude is	mow the lawn.
if martians landed on earth, one animal might they think runs this planet is	dogs.
if martians landed on earth, one animal might they think runs this planet is	cats.
if martians landed on earth, one animal might they think runs this planet is	human.
if martians landed on earth, one animal might they think runs this planet is	cows.
if martians landed on earth, one animal might they think runs this planet is	horse.
if martians landed on earth, one animal might they think runs this planet is	apes.
in the old days, one thing a doctor probably removed without putting you to sleep first is	teeth.
in the old days, one thing a doctor probably removed without putting you to sleep first is	bullet/injury.
in the old days, one thing a doctor probably removed without putting you to sleep first is	tonsils.
in the old days, one thing a doctor probably removed without putting you to sleep first is	kidney.
if a dog could talk, one thing it might ask for is	food.
if a dog could talk, one thing it might ask for is	bone.
if a dog could talk, one thing it might ask for is	walk.
if a dog could talk, one thing it might ask for is	water.
if a millionaire loses his money, one thing else he might lose is	mate/family.
if a millionaire loses his money, one thing else he might lose is	mind/sanity.
if a millionaire loses his money, one thing else he might lose is	house.
if a millionaire loses his money, one thing else he might lose is	dignity/respect.
if a millionaire loses his money, one thing else he might lose is	friends.
if a millionaire loses his money, one thing else he might lose is	the limo.
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, one movie star is best-equipped to protect us is	a. schwarzenegger.
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, one movie star is best-equipped to protect us is	will smith.
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, one movie star is best-equipped to protect us is	tom cruise.
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, one movie star is best-equipped to protect us is	sly stallone.
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, one movie star is best-equipped to protect us is	harrison ford.
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, one movie star is best-equipped to protect us is	mel gibson.
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, one movie star is best-equipped to protect us is	vin diesel.
if one person says that you've "married well" one do they mean about your spouse is	they're rich.
if one person says that you've "married well" one do they mean about your spouse is	they're attractive.
if one person says that you've "married well" one do they mean about your spouse is	true love.
if you couldn't be smart, one would you prefer to be is	beautiful.
if you couldn't be smart, one would you prefer to be is	rich.
if you couldn't be smart, one would you prefer to be is	athletic.
if you couldn't be smart, one would you prefer to be is	strong.
if you couldn't be smart, one would you prefer to be is	wise.
Q: if fairy tales were written in modern times where might a princess meet her prince charming? A:	at a bar.
Q: if fairy tales were written in modern times where might a princess meet her prince charming? A:	at the store.
Q: if fairy tales were written in modern times where might a princess meet her prince charming? A:	at work.
Q: if fairy tales were written in modern times where might a princess meet her prince charming? A:	online dating site.
one animal a lion likes to eat is	deer.
one animal a lion likes to eat is	zebra.
one animal a lion likes to eat is	rabbit.
one animal a lion likes to eat is	antelope.
one animal a lion likes to eat is	gazelle.
one animal a lion likes to eat is	mice.
one animal a lion likes to eat is	sheep.
one thing a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone is	money.
one thing a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone is	watch.
one thing a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone is	wallet/purse.
one thing a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone is	handkerchief.
one thing a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone is	necklace.
one thing a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone is	ring.
one thing a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone is	earrings.
one thing you might see a picture of on a postcard from hawaii is	palm trees.
one thing you might see a picture of on a postcard from hawaii is	beach.
one thing you might see a picture of on a postcard from hawaii is	water.
one thing you might see a picture of on a postcard from hawaii is	hawaiian woman.
one thing you might see a picture of on a postcard from hawaii is	volcano.
one thing you'd buy if you wanted to dress up like fidel castro is	military uniform.
one thing you'd buy if you wanted to dress up like fidel castro is	beard.
one thing you'd buy if you wanted to dress up like fidel castro is	cigar.
one thing you'd buy if you wanted to dress up like fidel castro is	hat.
one thing you'd buy if you wanted to dress up like fidel castro is	bandana.
one thing you'd buy if you wanted to dress up like fidel castro is	gun.
one thing you tell one person is going to hurt you more than them is	spanking.
one thing you tell one person is going to hurt you more than them is	breaking up.
one thing you tell one person is going to hurt you more than them is	shot.
one thing you tell one person is going to hurt you more than them is	loss of privileges.
one sport or athletic league whose large athletes you'd hate to ride a see-saw with is	sumo wrestling.
one sport or athletic league whose large athletes you'd hate to ride a see-saw with is	football.
one sport or athletic league whose large athletes you'd hate to ride a see-saw with is	wwf wrestling.
one sport or athletic league whose large athletes you'd hate to ride a see-saw with is	weight lifting.
one food new york is famous for is	hot dogs.
one food new york is famous for is	pizza.
one food new york is famous for is	cheesecake.
one food new york is famous for is	bagels.
one subject that often comes up in family feud question is	food.
one subject that often comes up in family feud question is	family.
one subject that often comes up in family feud question is	dating/ marriage.
one subject that often comes up in family feud question is	movies.
one subject that often comes up in family feud question is	animals.
one subject that often comes up in family feud question is	sports.
one subject that often comes up in family feud question is	work.
one thing teenagers do that they'll kick themselves for later in life is	drink/smoke.
one thing teenagers do that they'll kick themselves for later in life is	bad grades.
one thing teenagers do that they'll kick themselves for later in life is	put off college.
one thing teenagers do that they'll kick themselves for later in life is	drop out.
one thing teenagers do that they'll kick themselves for later in life is	date too soon.
one thing teenagers do that they'll kick themselves for later in life is	get a tattoo.
one reason you would not want to take up fishing is	touch worms.
one reason you would not want to take up fishing is	smell like fish.
one reason you would not want to take up fishing is	can't swim.
one reason you would not want to take up fishing is	boring.
one reason you would not want to take up fishing is	cold.
one reason you would not want to take up fishing is	wake up early.
one thanksgiving item children make at school is	turkey.
one thanksgiving item children make at school is	cornucopia.
one thanksgiving item children make at school is	pilgrem hat.
one thanksgiving item children make at school is	card.
one thanksgiving item children make at school is	indian headress.
one thanksgiving item children make at school is	pumpkin.
one thanksgiving item children make at school is	drawing of pilgrims.
one excuse people give for not eating healthy is	no time.
one excuse people give for not eating healthy is	lazy.
one excuse people give for not eating healthy is	too expensive.
one excuse people give for not eating healthy is	taste.
one excuse people give for not eating healthy is	only live once.
one thing kids might put on their face that is hard to wash off is	paint.
one thing kids might put on their face that is hard to wash off is	marker.
one thing kids might put on their face that is hard to wash off is	makeup.
one thing kids might put on their face that is hard to wash off is	glue.
one thing kids might put on their face that is hard to wash off is	candy.
one thing kids might put on their face that is hard to wash off is	dirt.
one thing specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests is	coffee beans.
one thing specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests is	coffee maker.
one thing specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests is	water.
one thing specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests is	sugar.
one thing specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests is	mugs.
one thing specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests is	creamer/milk.
one thing specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests is	filter.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to look like the grim reaper is	black hood & cape.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to look like the grim reaper is	sickle.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to look like the grim reaper is	skeleton.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to look like the grim reaper is	mask.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to look like the grim reaper is	makeup.
one thing a first-time parent would need to do before the baby was born is	buy a crib.
one thing a first-time parent would need to do before the baby was born is	buy clothes.
one thing a first-time parent would need to do before the baby was born is	buy diapers.
one thing a first-time parent would need to do before the baby was born is	baby shower.
one thing a first-time parent would need to do before the baby was born is	parenting classes.
one thing you often feel sleepy while doing is	reading.
one thing you often feel sleepy while doing is	driving.
one thing you often feel sleepy while doing is	watching tv.
one thing you often feel sleepy while doing is	working.
one thing you often feel sleepy while doing is	homework.
one thing you often feel sleepy while doing is	eating.
one person specific in your life who has tried to set you up on a blind date is	best friend.
one person specific in your life who has tried to set you up on a blind date is	sister.
one person specific in your life who has tried to set you up on a blind date is	mother.
one person specific in your life who has tried to set you up on a blind date is	brother.
one thing a kid picks up from school is	illness.
one thing a kid picks up from school is	profane language.
one thing a kid picks up from school is	homework.
one thing a kid picks up from school is	books.
one thing a kid picks up from school is	head lice.
one good place to spend the day when it's raining outside is	home.
one good place to spend the day when it's raining outside is	movie theatre.
one good place to spend the day when it's raining outside is	mall.
one good place to spend the day when it's raining outside is	library.
one good place to spend the day when it's raining outside is	museum.
one good place to spend the day when it's raining outside is	gym.
one thing that might be described as "strong" is	muscle man.
one thing that might be described as "strong" is	coffee.
one thing that might be described as "strong" is	metal/steel.
one thing that might be described as "strong" is	odor.
one thing that might be described as "strong" is	cocktail.
one thing that might be described as "strong" is	will/heart.
one thing a girl in a pageant would know how to do but most little girls wouldnt is	id.
one thing a girl in a pageant would know how to do but most little girls wouldnt is	hair.
one thing a girl in a pageant would know how to do but most little girls wouldnt is	name.
one thing a girl in a pageant would know how to do but most little girls wouldnt is	facial hair.
one thing a girl in a pageant would know how to do but most little girls wouldnt is	glasses.
one thing specific a waiter would do to get good tips is	smile.
one thing specific a waiter would do to get good tips is	be friendly.
one thing specific a waiter would do to get good tips is	return often.
one thing specific a waiter would do to get good tips is	flirt.
one thing specific a waiter would do to get good tips is	fast service.
one thing that might happen if you eat while driving is	crash.
one thing that might happen if you eat while driving is	spill.
one thing that might happen if you eat while driving is	choke.
one thing tha can be pumped is	gas.
one thing tha can be pumped is	tire.
one thing tha can be pumped is	iron.
one thing you would do in a public restroom that you would never do in your own bathroom is	pee on the floor.
one thing you would do in a public restroom that you would never do in your own bathroom is	pee on the toilet.
one thing you would do in a public restroom that you would never do in your own bathroom is	put paper on seat.
one thing you would do in a public restroom that you would never do in your own bathroom is	write on wall.
one thing you would do in a public restroom that you would never do in your own bathroom is	leave it messy.
one thing you would do in a public restroom that you would never do in your own bathroom is	don't flush toilet.
one sport in which participants use a specific kind of headwear is	football.
one sport in which participants use a specific kind of headwear is	hockey.
one sport in which participants use a specific kind of headwear is	baseball.
one sport in which participants use a specific kind of headwear is	swimming.
one sport in which participants use a specific kind of headwear is	wrestling.
one sport in which participants use a specific kind of headwear is	boxing.
the last thing you read on the internet that you wish you hadn't is	news.
the last thing you read on the internet that you wish you hadn't is	email/spam.
the last thing you read on the internet that you wish you hadn't is	gossip.
the last thing you read on the internet that you wish you hadn't is	bills/accounts.
the last thing you read on the internet that you wish you hadn't is	blog/comments.
one thing a little girl needs to look like a princess is	tiara.
one thing a little girl needs to look like a princess is	dress.
one thing a little girl needs to look like a princess is	magic wand.
one thing a little girl needs to look like a princess is	makeup.
one thing a little girl needs to look like a princess is	jewelry.
one thing a little girl needs to look like a princess is	charm.
one foreign language that is not usually offered in high school is	japanese.
one foreign language that is not usually offered in high school is	chinese.
one foreign language that is not usually offered in high school is	latin.
one foreign language that is not usually offered in high school is	russian.
one foreign language that is not usually offered in high school is	german.
one reason why a person might be annoyed that the weather is nice is	at work/school.
one reason why a person might be annoyed that the weather is nice is	no ac.
one reason why a person might be annoyed that the weather is nice is	sick.
one reason why a person might be annoyed that the weather is nice is	drought.
one thing kids look forward to the most in the winter is	playing in the snow.
one thing kids look forward to the most in the winter is	christmas.
one thing kids look forward to the most in the winter is	sled/ ski.
one thing kids look forward to the most in the winter is	vacation.
one thing that has the word pop in it is	popcorn.
one thing that has the word pop in it is	soda pop.
one thing that has the word pop in it is	pop tart.
one thing that has the word pop in it is	popsicle.
one thing that has the word pop in it is	popular.
one thing that has the word pop in it is	pop goes the weasel.
one piece of information that you write down when you're on your way to meet your blind date is	address/location.
one piece of information that you write down when you're on your way to meet your blind date is	dates name.
one piece of information that you write down when you're on your way to meet your blind date is	phone number.
one piece of information that you write down when you're on your way to meet your blind date is	description of date.
one thing that can make an ordinary dinner romantic is	candles/lighting.
one thing that can make an ordinary dinner romantic is	wine.
one thing that can make an ordinary dinner romantic is	flowers.
one thing that can make an ordinary dinner romantic is	music.
one thing that can make an ordinary dinner romantic is	chocolates.
one thing from home you miss while staying in a hotel is	bed.
one thing from home you miss while staying in a hotel is	homemade meal.
one thing from home you miss while staying in a hotel is	family.
one thing from home you miss while staying in a hotel is	pet.
one door that you'd hate to leave unlocked accidentally is	front door.
one door that you'd hate to leave unlocked accidentally is	car door.
one door that you'd hate to leave unlocked accidentally is	bathroom door.
one door that you'd hate to leave unlocked accidentally is	safe.
one door that you'd hate to leave unlocked accidentally is	pet.
one thing men in fairy tales fight against that real men dont is	dragon.
one thing men in fairy tales fight against that real men dont is	ogre.
one thing men in fairy tales fight against that real men dont is	witch.
one thing men in fairy tales fight against that real men dont is	monster.
one thing men in fairy tales fight against that real men dont is	beast.
one thing men in fairy tales fight against that real men dont is	troll.
one job you'd accept just to get access to the "company car" is	car sales.
one job you'd accept just to get access to the "company car" is	limo driver.
one job you'd accept just to get access to the "company car" is	police.
one job you'd accept just to get access to the "company car" is	delivery person.
one job you'd accept just to get access to the "company car" is	taxi.
one job you'd accept just to get access to the "company car" is	racecar driver.
one public place where even an adult can get lost easily is	mall.
one public place where even an adult can get lost easily is	amusement park.
one public place where even an adult can get lost easily is	park.
one public place where even an adult can get lost easily is	fair.
one public place where even an adult can get lost easily is	parking garage.
one public place where even an adult can get lost easily is	airport.
one public place where even an adult can get lost easily is	zoo.
one thing you're hoping is fake at a halloween party because you'd be afraid of a real one is	ghost.
one thing you're hoping is fake at a halloween party because you'd be afraid of a real one is	monster.
one thing you're hoping is fake at a halloween party because you'd be afraid of a real one is	witch.
one thing you're hoping is fake at a halloween party because you'd be afraid of a real one is	vampire.
one thing you're hoping is fake at a halloween party because you'd be afraid of a real one is	spider.
one thing you're hoping is fake at a halloween party because you'd be afraid of a real one is	bat.
one thing that gets thrown is	ball.
one thing that gets thrown is	frisbee.
one thing that gets thrown is	game/contest.
one thing that gets thrown is	darts.
one thing that gets thrown is	tantrum.
one thing that gets thrown is	party.
one thing people wait in line for on hot days is	ice cream.
one thing people wait in line for on hot days is	cold drinks.
one thing people wait in line for on hot days is	water park.
one sign youre at a really cheap birthday party is	no cake.
one sign youre at a really cheap birthday party is	no food.
one sign youre at a really cheap birthday party is	no decorations.
one sign youre at a really cheap birthday party is	no favors.
one sign youre at a really cheap birthday party is	no presents.
one sign youre at a really cheap birthday party is	no cards.
one thing your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers is	age.
one thing your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers is	weight.
one thing your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers is	address.
one thing your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers is	phone number.
one thing your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers is	income.
one thing your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers is	drinking habits.
one thing your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers is	sleep naked.
one person who you wish didn't have your address is	ex.
one person who you wish didn't have your address is	bill collector.
one person who you wish didn't have your address is	boss.
one person who you wish didn't have your address is	the police.
one person who you wish didn't have your address is	irs.
one person who you wish didn't have your address is	in laws.
one thing that kids promise their parents theyll do if theyre allowed to borrow the family car is	chores.
one thing that kids promise their parents theyll do if theyre allowed to borrow the family car is	drive carefully.
one thing that kids promise their parents theyll do if theyre allowed to borrow the family car is	fill it up.
one thing that kids promise their parents theyll do if theyre allowed to borrow the family car is	make curfew.
one thing that kids promise their parents theyll do if theyre allowed to borrow the family car is	wash it.
one thing that goes well with pizza is	beer.
one thing that goes well with pizza is	soda.
one thing that goes well with pizza is	wings.
one thing you might see in one person's backyard that would tell you they had kids is	swing set.
one thing you might see in one person's backyard that would tell you they had kids is	bicycle.
one thing you might see in one person's backyard that would tell you they had kids is	swimming pool.
one thing you might see in one person's backyard that would tell you they had kids is	toys.
one thing you might see in one person's backyard that would tell you they had kids is	sand box.
one thing you might see in one person's backyard that would tell you they had kids is	basketball hoop.
one thing on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride is	rims/wheels.
one thing on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride is	shine.
one thing on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride is	paint job.
one thing on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride is	bumper sticker.
one thing on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride is	spoiler.
one thing on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride is	seat covers.
one thing on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride is	vanity plate.
one instrument that you'd need to be really coordinated to play is	piano.
one instrument that you'd need to be really coordinated to play is	drums.
one instrument that you'd need to be really coordinated to play is	guitar.
one instrument that you'd need to be really coordinated to play is	violin.
one instrument that you'd need to be really coordinated to play is	flute.
one instrument that you'd need to be really coordinated to play is	saxophone.
one thing embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard is	pass gas.
one thing embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard is	wet pants.
one thing embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard is	snort.
one thing embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard is	choke.
one thing embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard is	cry.
one thing embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard is	nose runs.
one thing embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard is	spit.
one complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station is	bad food.
one complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station is	lonely.
one complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station is	no gravity.
one complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station is	no bathroom.
one complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station is	no fresh air.
one complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station is	cramped.
one complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station is	it's cold.
one thing you might find in the godfather's basement is	bodies.
one thing you might find in the godfather's basement is	guns.
one thing you might find in the godfather's basement is	money.
one thing you might find in the godfather's basement is	wine.
one thing you might find in the godfather's basement is	horse's head.
one thing you might find in the godfather's basement is	jimmy hoffa.
one specific type of math class offered in high schools is	algebra.
one specific type of math class offered in high schools is	geometry.
one specific type of math class offered in high schools is	calculus.
one specific type of math class offered in high schools is	trigonometry.
one dessert thats made with chocolate is	cake.
one dessert thats made with chocolate is	mousse.
one dessert thats made with chocolate is	pudding.
one dessert thats made with chocolate is	brownies.
one dessert thats made with chocolate is	ice cream.
one dessert thats made with chocolate is	candy.
one dessert thats made with chocolate is	donuts.
one person whos known for inventing something is	albert einstein.
one person whos known for inventing something is	thomas edison.
one person whos known for inventing something is	ben franklin.
one person whos known for inventing something is	alexander graham bell.
one person whos known for inventing something is	eli whitney.
one thing or one person youd see at a nightclub is	people.
one thing or one person youd see at a nightclub is	bartender.
one thing or one person youd see at a nightclub is	lights.
one thing or one person youd see at a nightclub is	drinks.
one thing or one person youd see at a nightclub is	dj.
one thing or one person youd see at a nightclub is	band.
one thing or one person youd see at a nightclub is	dancers.
one thing that spies in movies always carry is	weapon.
one thing that spies in movies always carry is	binoculars.
one thing that spies in movies always carry is	camera.
one thing that spies in movies always carry is	phone.
one thing that spies in movies always carry is	magnifying glass.
one thing that spies in movies always carry is	briefcase.
one thing that spies in movies always carry is	flashlight.
one movie that a dog would love to watch is	lassie.
one movie that a dog would love to watch is	101 dalmations.
one movie that a dog would love to watch is	benji.
one movie that a dog would love to watch is	dogs go to heaven.
one movie that a dog would love to watch is	bolt.
one movie that a dog would love to watch is	lady & the tramp.
one movie that a dog would love to watch is	shaggy dog.
one thing that's sold at an airport gift shop is	postcards.
one thing that's sold at an airport gift shop is	magazines.
one thing an auto racer hopes won't happen to him during a race is	crash.
one thing an auto racer hopes won't happen to him during a race is	engine trouble.
one thing an auto racer hopes won't happen to him during a race is	runs out of gas.
one thing an auto racer hopes won't happen to him during a race is	flat tire.
one thing an auto racer hopes won't happen to him during a race is	die.
one flavor of pudding is	chocolate.
one flavor of pudding is	vanilla.
one flavor of pudding is	tapioca.
one flavor of pudding is	banana.
one flavor of pudding is	butterscotch.
one flavor of pudding is	lemon.
one flavor of pudding is	pistachio.
one thing that supermodels would rather do without is	food/diet food.
one thing that supermodels would rather do without is	high heels.
one thing that supermodels would rather do without is	camaras.
one thing that supermodels would rather do without is	makeup.
one thing that supermodels would rather do without is	flaws.
one thing in nature that you wouldnt want to cuddle up next to is	bear.
one thing in nature that you wouldnt want to cuddle up next to is	snake.
one thing in nature that you wouldnt want to cuddle up next to is	porcupine.
one thing in nature that you wouldnt want to cuddle up next to is	cactus.
one thing in nature that you wouldnt want to cuddle up next to is	skunk.
one thing you bring to a party even if the host doesn't ask you to bring anything is	alcohol.
one thing you bring to a party even if the host doesn't ask you to bring anything is	flowers.
one thing you bring to a party even if the host doesn't ask you to bring anything is	chips.
one thing you bring to a party even if the host doesn't ask you to bring anything is	yourself.
one place you may keep your keys while swimming is	locker.
one place you may keep your keys while swimming is	beach bag.
one place you may keep your keys while swimming is	purse.
one place you may keep your keys while swimming is	pocket.
one place you may keep your keys while swimming is	cars.
one place you may keep your keys while swimming is	shoes.
one place you may keep your keys while swimming is	towel.
one person famous who wore a cape but was not a superhero is	dracula.
one person famous who wore a cape but was not a superhero is	zorro.
one person famous who wore a cape but was not a superhero is	elvis presley.
one person famous who wore a cape but was not a superhero is	sherlock holmes.
one person famous who wore a cape but was not a superhero is	pope.
one thing a country western singer sings about, that a rapper wouldn't is	lovesickness.
one thing a country western singer sings about, that a rapper wouldn't is	horse.
one thing a country western singer sings about, that a rapper wouldn't is	dog.
one thing a country western singer sings about, that a rapper wouldn't is	cowboys.
one thing a country western singer sings about, that a rapper wouldn't is	truck.
one thing a country western singer sings about, that a rapper wouldn't is	farm.
one thing specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry is	raise voice.
one thing specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry is	laugh.
one thing specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry is	curse.
one thing specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry is	walk away.
one thing specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry is	ignore them.
one thing specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry is	name calling.
one thing specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry is	roll eyes.
one thing people take lots of photos of during a vacation be specific is	themselves.
one thing people take lots of photos of during a vacation be specific is	oceans.
one thing people take lots of photos of during a vacation be specific is	tall buildings.
one thing people take lots of photos of during a vacation be specific is	landmarks.
one thing people take lots of photos of during a vacation be specific is	trees.
one hobby that would be ironic for a firefighter to have is	smoking.
one hobby that would be ironic for a firefighter to have is	camping/campfire.
one hobby that would be ironic for a firefighter to have is	fireworks.
one hobby that would be ironic for a firefighter to have is	fire eating.
the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket is	watermelon.
the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket is	potatoes.
the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket is	milk.
the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket is	turkey.
the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket is	pet food.
the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket is	water.
the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket is	rice.
one thing people pose in front of for their christmas photos is	tree.
one thing people pose in front of for their christmas photos is	fireplace.
one thing people pose in front of for their christmas photos is	santa claus.
one thing people pose in front of for their christmas photos is	house.
one occupation where you often see people with stiff, hairsprayed hair is	model.
one occupation where you often see people with stiff, hairsprayed hair is	hair stylist.
one occupation where you often see people with stiff, hairsprayed hair is	actor.
one occupation where you often see people with stiff, hairsprayed hair is	rock star.
one occupation where you often see people with stiff, hairsprayed hair is	food server.
one occupation where you often see people with stiff, hairsprayed hair is	news anchor.
one school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood is	math.
one school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood is	english/spelling.
one school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood is	history.
one school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood is	science.
one school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood is	geography.
one school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood is	physical fitness.
one school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood is	foreign language.
one celebrity who could teach a high school dance class is	jennifer lopez.
one celebrity who could teach a high school dance class is	debbie allen.
one celebrity who could teach a high school dance class is	janet jackson.
one celebrity who could teach a high school dance class is	britney spears.
one celebrity who could teach a high school dance class is	john travolta.
one celebrity who could teach a high school dance class is	christina agulera.
one thing people like to listen to music while doing is	cleaning.
one thing people like to listen to music while doing is	execising.
one thing people like to listen to music while doing is	studying.
one thing people like to listen to music while doing is	gardening.
one thing people like to listen to music while doing is	eating.
one thing people like to listen to music while doing is	dancing.
one thing people like to listen to music while doing is	driving.
one piece of protective gear that only a real klutz would consider wearing while walking is	helmet.
one piece of protective gear that only a real klutz would consider wearing while walking is	knee pads.
one piece of protective gear that only a real klutz would consider wearing while walking is	protective cup.
one piece of protective gear that only a real klutz would consider wearing while walking is	elbow pads.
one piece of protective gear that only a real klutz would consider wearing while walking is	goggles.
one piece of protective gear that only a real klutz would consider wearing while walking is	gloves.
one type of person that wears a name tag is	store clerks.
one type of person that wears a name tag is	waitress.
one type of person that wears a name tag is	doctor.
one type of person that wears a name tag is	police officer.
one type of person that wears a name tag is	nurse.
one type of person that wears a name tag is	teacher.
one function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone is	redial.
one function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone is	speaker phone.
one function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone is	call waiting.
one function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone is	caller id.
one function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone is	speed dial.
one function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone is	mute.
one function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone is	voice mail.
one thing that's essential to creating a romantic atmosphere at home is	candles.
one thing that's essential to creating a romantic atmosphere at home is	music.
one thing that's essential to creating a romantic atmosphere at home is	good lighting.
one thing that's essential to creating a romantic atmosphere at home is	flowers.
one way to get down from a tall building is	jump.
one way to get down from a tall building is	elevator.
one way to get down from a tall building is	ladder.
one way to get down from a tall building is	stairs.
one way to get down from a tall building is	scale it.
one piece of equipment many bikers dont use but ought to is	helmet.
one piece of equipment many bikers dont use but ought to is	knee pads.
one piece of equipment many bikers dont use but ought to is	gloves.
one piece of equipment many bikers dont use but ought to is	horn.
one piece of equipment many bikers dont use but ought to is	brakes.
one piece of equipment many bikers dont use but ought to is	reflective light/tape.
one thing you hear cops say in a police movie is	freeze.
one thing you hear cops say in a police movie is	put your hands up.
one thing you hear cops say in a police movie is	right/remain silent.
one thing you hear cops say in a police movie is	under arrest.
one thing you hear cops say in a police movie is	drop your weapon.
one thing you hear cops say in a police movie is	book em.
one thing you hear cops say in a police movie is	ten four.
one thing the police might look for when they search a suspects house is	drugs.
one thing the police might look for when they search a suspects house is	evidence.
one thing the police might look for when they search a suspects house is	weapon.
one thing the police might look for when they search a suspects house is	suspect.
one thing most people try at least once in their life is	drinking.
one thing most people try at least once in their life is	smoking.
one thing most people try at least once in their life is	sky diving.
one thing most people try at least once in their life is	sushi.
one thing most people try at least once in their life is	riding in airplane.
one thing most people try at least once in their life is	marriage.
one word youd see on the cover of a womens magazine but probably not on a magazine for men is	sexy/hot.
one word youd see on the cover of a womens magazine but probably not on a magazine for men is	makeup.
one word youd see on the cover of a womens magazine but probably not on a magazine for men is	diet.
one word youd see on the cover of a womens magazine but probably not on a magazine for men is	fashion.
one word youd see on the cover of a womens magazine but probably not on a magazine for men is	love.
one thing you might pay extra for when you get your car washed is	wax.
one thing you might pay extra for when you get your car washed is	vacuum.
one thing you might pay extra for when you get your car washed is	detailing.
one thing you might pay extra for when you get your car washed is	dry car.
one thing you might pay extra for when you get your car washed is	polish.
one food item a restaurant might offer as "all-you-can-eat" is	chicken.
one food item a restaurant might offer as "all-you-can-eat" is	salad bar.
one food item a restaurant might offer as "all-you-can-eat" is	shrimp.
one food item a restaurant might offer as "all-you-can-eat" is	crab legs.
one food item a restaurant might offer as "all-you-can-eat" is	pasta.
one person dorothy met in the land of oz is	lion.
one person dorothy met in the land of oz is	tin man / scare crow.
one person dorothy met in the land of oz is	wizard.
one thing everyone says they're good at when at a job interview,even if it's a lie is	computers.
one thing everyone says they're good at when at a job interview,even if it's a lie is	people skills.
one thing everyone says they're good at when at a job interview,even if it's a lie is	punctuality.
one thing everyone says they're good at when at a job interview,even if it's a lie is	multitasking.
one thing everyone says they're good at when at a job interview,even if it's a lie is	organization.
one thing that still fits even if you put on a few extra pounds is	shoes.
one thing that still fits even if you put on a few extra pounds is	hat.
one thing that still fits even if you put on a few extra pounds is	socks.
one thing that still fits even if you put on a few extra pounds is	stretch pants.
one thing that still fits even if you put on a few extra pounds is	sweats.
one thing that still fits even if you put on a few extra pounds is	underware/bra.
one thing that comes after it's been raining is	rainbow.
one thing that comes after it's been raining is	sun.
one thing that comes after it's been raining is	worms.
one thing that comes after it's been raining is	bugs.
one thing that people could watch for hours is	tv/movies.
one thing that people could watch for hours is	pets/animals.
one thing that people could watch for hours is	sports.
one thing that people could watch for hours is	kids.
one thing you're better off spending too much money on than too little is	car.
one thing you're better off spending too much money on than too little is	house/home repair.
one thing you're better off spending too much money on than too little is	food.
one thing you're better off spending too much money on than too little is	gifts.
one thing you're better off spending too much money on than too little is	insurance.
one thing you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor is	top/bottoms.
one thing you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor is	jewelry.
one thing you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor is	shoes.
one thing you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor is	money.
one thing you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor is	cell phone.
one thing you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor is	keys.
one thing you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor is	balance.
one unhealthy ingredient you often see in kids cereals is	sugar.
one unhealthy ingredient you often see in kids cereals is	chocolate.
one unhealthy ingredient you often see in kids cereals is	corn syrup.
one unhealthy ingredient you often see in kids cereals is	salt.
one time when a man might be extra caring toward his wife is	their anniversary.
one time when a man might be extra caring toward his wife is	when she's pregnant.
one time when a man might be extra caring toward his wife is	on her birthday.
one time when a man might be extra caring toward his wife is	when she's sick.
one famous phrase from the wizard of oz is	off to see the wizard.
one famous phrase from the wizard of oz is	no place like home.
one famous phrase from the wizard of oz is	follow yellow brick road.
one famous phrase from the wizard of oz is	i'll get you my pretty.
one famous phrase from the wizard of oz is	lions tigers & bears.
one thing made with ginger is	cookies.
one thing made with ginger is	ginger ale.
one thing made with ginger is	pumpkin pie.
one thing made with ginger is	tea.
one thing made with ginger is	ginger chicken.
one thing made with ginger is	carrot cake.
one reason why one person might not want their phone number listed in the phone book is	privacy.
one reason why one person might not want their phone number listed in the phone book is	prank calls.
one reason why one person might not want their phone number listed in the phone book is	stalker.
one reason why one person might not want their phone number listed in the phone book is	telemarketers.
one reason why one person might not want their phone number listed in the phone book is	ex.
one reason why one person might not want their phone number listed in the phone book is	they're famous.
one reason why one person might not want their phone number listed in the phone book is	bill collectors.
one thing about the brady bunch that is different from most families is	lot's of kids.
one thing about the brady bunch that is different from most families is	too happy.
one thing about the brady bunch that is different from most families is	maid.
one thing about the brady bunch that is different from most families is	thet sing.
one thing you hate to find when you open your freezer is	no food.
one thing you hate to find when you open your freezer is	spoiled food.
one thing you hate to find when you open your freezer is	frost.
one thing you hate to find when you open your freezer is	empty ice tray.
one thing you hate to find when you open your freezer is	food is thawed.
one thing you hate to find when you open your freezer is	exploded can.
one specific item that a man carries around that he might secretly wish he could just put in a purse is	wallet.
one specific item that a man carries around that he might secretly wish he could just put in a purse is	keys.
one specific item that a man carries around that he might secretly wish he could just put in a purse is	phone.
one specific item that a man carries around that he might secretly wish he could just put in a purse is	comb.
one specific item that a man carries around that he might secretly wish he could just put in a purse is	glasses.
one kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot is	birthday parties.
one kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot is	sporting events.
one kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot is	graduations.
one kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot is	family reunions.
one kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot is	weddings.
one kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot is	recitals/plays.
one kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot is	church.
one chore people do most often is	wash dishes.
one chore people do most often is	laundry.
one chore people do most often is	vacuum.
one chore people do most often is	cook.
one chore people do most often is	sweep.
one chore people do most often is	clean bathroom.
one thing you might buy to go with your new pool table is	pool cue.
one thing you might buy to go with your new pool table is	balls.
one thing you might buy to go with your new pool table is	cover.
one thing you might buy to go with your new pool table is	chalk.
one thing you might see on a bedroom ceiling is	fan.
one thing you might see on a bedroom ceiling is	light.
one thing you might see on a bedroom ceiling is	mirror.
one thing you might see on a bedroom ceiling is	star stickers.
one thing you might see on a bedroom ceiling is	poster.
one thing you might see on a bedroom ceiling is	cracks.
one thing you might see on a bedroom ceiling is	fly.
one thing you might know your partner's password for is	e mail.
one thing you might know your partner's password for is	computer.
one thing you might know your partner's password for is	bank account.
one thing you might know your partner's password for is	credit card.
one thing you might know your partner's password for is	voice mail.
one thing parents let their kids do in the past, that would make them seem like bad parents today is	no seatbelt.
one thing parents let their kids do in the past, that would make them seem like bad parents today is	unsupervised play.
one thing parents let their kids do in the past, that would make them seem like bad parents today is	no bike helmet.
one thing parents let their kids do in the past, that would make them seem like bad parents today is	walk to school.
one thing parents let their kids do in the past, that would make them seem like bad parents today is	sit in front seat.
one thing you have in your house that you also have in your car is	radio.
one thing you have in your house that you also have in your car is	phone.
one thing you have in your house that you also have in your car is	dvd player.
one thing you have in your house that you also have in your car is	cd player.
one thing you have in your house that you also have in your car is	windows.
one thing you have in your house that you also have in your car is	air conditioner.
one thing you have in your house that you also have in your car is	doors.
one beverage you might drink at a typical holiday party is	egg nog.
one beverage you might drink at a typical holiday party is	wine.
one beverage you might drink at a typical holiday party is	champagne.
one beverage you might drink at a typical holiday party is	beer.
one beverage you might drink at a typical holiday party is	soda.
one beverage you might drink at a typical holiday party is	juice.
one piece of home decor that sometimes comes with wild patterns is	curtains.
one piece of home decor that sometimes comes with wild patterns is	wallpaper.
one piece of home decor that sometimes comes with wild patterns is	couch.
one piece of home decor that sometimes comes with wild patterns is	rug.
one piece of home decor that sometimes comes with wild patterns is	artwork.
one kids movie that makes adults cry to is	bambi.
one kids movie that makes adults cry to is	old yeller.
one kids movie that makes adults cry to is	lion king.
one kids movie that makes adults cry to is	dumbo.
one thing your neighbor might ask to borrow is	cup of sugar.
one thing your neighbor might ask to borrow is	lawn mower.
one thing your neighbor might ask to borrow is	charcoal.
one thing your neighbor might ask to borrow is	milk.
one thing your neighbor might ask to borrow is	mayonnaise.
one thing your neighbor might ask to borrow is	tool.
one thing your neighbor might ask to borrow is	rake.
one breed of dog that might be used as a guard dog is	german shepard.
one breed of dog that might be used as a guard dog is	pit bull.
one breed of dog that might be used as a guard dog is	doberman pinscher.
one breed of dog that might be used as a guard dog is	rottweiler.
one breed of dog that might be used as a guard dog is	bulldog.
one thing that's more important to a teenager than to an adult is	friends/popularity.
one thing that's more important to a teenager than to an adult is	clothes.
one thing that's more important to a teenager than to an adult is	talking on phone.
one thing that's more important to a teenager than to an adult is	car/driving.
one thing that's more important to a teenager than to an adult is	music.
one thing that's more important to a teenager than to an adult is	dating.
one game that you see people playing in the park is	frisbee.
one game that you see people playing in the park is	baseball.
one game that you see people playing in the park is	football.
one game that you see people playing in the park is	tag.
one game that you see people playing in the park is	chess.
one game that you see people playing in the park is	basketball.
one game that you see people playing in the park is	soccer.
one thing in your home you probably turn on every day is	television.
one thing in your home you probably turn on every day is	lights.
one thing in your home you probably turn on every day is	water.
one thing in your home you probably turn on every day is	stove.
one thing in your home you probably turn on every day is	microwave.
one thing in your home you probably turn on every day is	radio.
one thing in your home you probably turn on every day is	dishwasher.
one term that youd look like a fool for not knowing while bowling is	strike.
one term that youd look like a fool for not knowing while bowling is	spare.
one term that youd look like a fool for not knowing while bowling is	turkey.
one term that youd look like a fool for not knowing while bowling is	gutter ball.
one term that youd look like a fool for not knowing while bowling is	pin.
one place where you see a scale is	doctor's office.
one place where you see a scale is	gym.
one place where you see a scale is	a fish.
one place where you see a scale is	bathroom.
one place where you see a scale is	truck stop.
one place where you see a scale is	butcher/deli.
one thing people don't like to start is	fight.
one thing people don't like to start is	work.
one thing you'd find in a hearty stew is	beef/meat.
one thing you'd find in a hearty stew is	potatoes.
one thing you'd find in a hearty stew is	carrots.
one thing you'd find in a hearty stew is	beans.
one thing you'd find in a hearty stew is	onions.
one thing you'd find in a hearty stew is	peas.
one thing a cheerleader has lots of is	energy.
one thing a cheerleader has lots of is	pom pom.
one thing a cheerleader has lots of is	spirit.
one thing a cheerleader has lots of is	cheers.
one thing a cheerleader has lots of is	hair.
one animal in a pet store that probably wouldn't attack one person is	goldfish.
one animal in a pet store that probably wouldn't attack one person is	kitten.
one animal in a pet store that probably wouldn't attack one person is	bunny.
one animal in a pet store that probably wouldn't attack one person is	hamster.
one animal in a pet store that probably wouldn't attack one person is	turtle.
one animal in a pet store that probably wouldn't attack one person is	gerbil.
one occupation you'd be surprised to find a criminal had as their day job is	banker.
one occupation you'd be surprised to find a criminal had as their day job is	police officer.
one occupation you'd be surprised to find a criminal had as their day job is	lawyer.
one occupation you'd be surprised to find a criminal had as their day job is	teacher.
one occupation you'd be surprised to find a criminal had as their day job is	religious leader.
one occupation you'd be surprised to find a criminal had as their day job is	judge.
one game that would be inappropriate at a company party is	spin the bottle.
one game that would be inappropriate at a company party is	strip poker.
one game that would be inappropriate at a company party is	twister.
one game that would be inappropriate at a company party is	truth or dare.
one game that would be inappropriate at a company party is	beer pong.
one thing the world's dumbest bank robber might leave at the scene of the crime is	the loot.
one thing the world's dumbest bank robber might leave at the scene of the crime is	id.
one thing the world's dumbest bank robber might leave at the scene of the crime is	fingerprints.
one thing the world's dumbest bank robber might leave at the scene of the crime is	wallet.
one thing the world's dumbest bank robber might leave at the scene of the crime is	his gun.
one thing a new mom spends a lot of time doing is	breast feeding.
one thing a new mom spends a lot of time doing is	changing diapers.
one thing a new mom spends a lot of time doing is	feeding with a bottle.
one thing a new mom spends a lot of time doing is	holding the baby.
one food that can be molded into a shape is	jello.
one food that can be molded into a shape is	dough.
one food that can be molded into a shape is	cheese.
one food that can be molded into a shape is	meatloaf.
one food that can be molded into a shape is	mashed potatoes.
one place of business that you would not return to after only one bad customer service experience is	restaurant.
one place of business that you would not return to after only one bad customer service experience is	bank.
one place of business that you would not return to after only one bad customer service experience is	hair salon.
one place of business that you would not return to after only one bad customer service experience is	doctor.
one place of business that you would not return to after only one bad customer service experience is	store.
one place of business that you would not return to after only one bad customer service experience is	hotel.
one command a dog knows but you wouldnt bother giving to your cat is	sit.
one command a dog knows but you wouldnt bother giving to your cat is	stay.
one command a dog knows but you wouldnt bother giving to your cat is	roll over.
one command a dog knows but you wouldnt bother giving to your cat is	fetch.
one specific sound that has woken you up before you felt ready to be awake is	alarm clock.
one specific sound that has woken you up before you felt ready to be awake is	birds.
one specific sound that has woken you up before you felt ready to be awake is	phone call.
one specific sound that has woken you up before you felt ready to be awake is	kids.
one specific sound that has woken you up before you felt ready to be awake is	dog barking.
one specific sound that has woken you up before you felt ready to be awake is	traffic.
one thing a parent criticizes their child for doing too fast is	eating.
one thing a parent criticizes their child for doing too fast is	homework.
one thing a parent criticizes their child for doing too fast is	cleaning/chores.
one thing a parent criticizes their child for doing too fast is	growing up.
one thing a parent criticizes their child for doing too fast is	talking.
one thing a parent criticizes their child for doing too fast is	driving.
one thing you might see in a bathtub is	water.
one thing you might see in a bathtub is	soap.
one thing you would buy a lot of when hosting a new year's party is	drinks.
one thing you would buy a lot of when hosting a new year's party is	food.
one thing you would buy a lot of when hosting a new year's party is	decorations.
one thing you would buy a lot of when hosting a new year's party is	utensils.
one thing you would buy a lot of when hosting a new year's party is	noise makers.
one thing you might find at an oasis is	water.
one thing you might find at an oasis is	palm trees.
one thing you might find at an oasis is	camels.
one thing you might find at an oasis is	sand.
one thing you might find at an oasis is	flowers.
one thing you might find at an oasis is	tents.
the important firsts that people record about a baby is	word.
the important firsts that people record about a baby is	steps.
the important firsts that people record about a baby is	tooth.
the important firsts that people record about a baby is	smile.
the important firsts that people record about a baby is	haircut.
one thing specific you almost always eat out of a bag is	chips.
one thing specific you almost always eat out of a bag is	popcorn.
one thing specific you almost always eat out of a bag is	french fries.
one thing specific you almost always eat out of a bag is	candy.
one thing specific you almost always eat out of a bag is	peanuts.
one prop you would see in an indiana jones movie is	rope.
one prop you would see in an indiana jones movie is	rock.
one prop you would see in an indiana jones movie is	weapon.
one prop you would see in an indiana jones movie is	map.
one place a child goes that might be traumatic the first time is	kindergarten.
one place a child goes that might be traumatic the first time is	dentist.
one place a child goes that might be traumatic the first time is	pediatrician.
one place a child goes that might be traumatic the first time is	circus.
one place a child goes that might be traumatic the first time is	to get a hair cut.
one place a child goes that might be traumatic the first time is	daycare.
one thing that grows on trees, but isn't fruit is	leaves.
one thing that grows on trees, but isn't fruit is	nuts.
one thing that grows on trees, but isn't fruit is	flowers.
one thing that grows on trees, but isn't fruit is	acorn.
one thing that grows on trees, but isn't fruit is	money.
one thing that grows on trees, but isn't fruit is	pine cones.
one child star who's still famous today is	drew berrymore.
one child star who's still famous today is	michael jackson.
one child star who's still famous today is	olsen twins.
one child star who's still famous today is	jodie foster.
one child star who's still famous today is	ron howard.
one child star who's still famous today is	brooke shields.
one word or phrase used for cooking on the grill is	barbecue.
one word or phrase used for cooking on the grill is	grilling.
one word or phrase used for cooking on the grill is	cookout.
one thing a ballet dancer has that most people do not is	tutu.
one thing a ballet dancer has that most people do not is	ballet shoes.
one thing a ballet dancer has that most people do not is	balance/poise.
one thing a ballet dancer has that most people do not is	strong legs.
one thing a ballet dancer has that most people do not is	talent.
one thing a ballet dancer has that most people do not is	callused feet.
one thing a mansion has that requires hired help to maintain is	garden.
one thing a mansion has that requires hired help to maintain is	pool.
one thing a mansion has that requires hired help to maintain is	lots of rooms.
one thing a mansion has that requires hired help to maintain is	tennis courts.
one way you know your teacher is having a bad day is	yells a lot.
one way you know your teacher is having a bad day is	grumpy.
one way you know your teacher is having a bad day is	extra homework.
one way you know your teacher is having a bad day is	gives punishments.
one way you know your teacher is having a bad day is	facial expression.
one really long movie is	titanic.
one really long movie is	lord of the rings.
one really long movie is	gone with the wind.
one really long movie is	harry potter.
one really long movie is	king kong.
one really long movie is	dances with wolves.
one movie theater food that gets stuck in your teeth be specific! is	pop corn.
one movie theater food that gets stuck in your teeth be specific! is	milk duds.
one movie theater food that gets stuck in your teeth be specific! is	dots.
one movie theater food that gets stuck in your teeth be specific! is	gummy bears.
one movie theater food that gets stuck in your teeth be specific! is	taffy.
one movie theater food that gets stuck in your teeth be specific! is	peanuts.
one thing you rent is	home.
one thing you rent is	car.
one thing you rent is	movies.
one thing you rent is	tuxedo.
one specific night of the year that you hope to be kissed is	new year eve's.
one specific night of the year that you hope to be kissed is	valentine's.
one specific night of the year that you hope to be kissed is	christmas.
one thing a mother-to-be might ask her friends' advice on before the baby is born is	names.
one thing a mother-to-be might ask her friends' advice on before the baby is born is	feeding.
one thing a mother-to-be might ask her friends' advice on before the baby is born is	labor pain.
one thing a mother-to-be might ask her friends' advice on before the baby is born is	potty training.
one thing a mother-to-be might ask her friends' advice on before the baby is born is	must have items.
one thing a mother-to-be might ask her friends' advice on before the baby is born is	sleeping schedule.
one thing a fast food restaurant offers as a dessert is	ice cream.
one thing a fast food restaurant offers as a dessert is	pie.
one thing a fast food restaurant offers as a dessert is	cake.
one thing a fast food restaurant offers as a dessert is	cookies.
one thing people decorate with in winter to get in the holiday spirit is	lights.
one thing people decorate with in winter to get in the holiday spirit is	fake snow.
one thing people decorate with in winter to get in the holiday spirit is	pine/trees.
one thing people decorate with in winter to get in the holiday spirit is	tinsel/garland.
one thing people decorate with in winter to get in the holiday spirit is	wreath/mistletoe.
one thing people decorate with in winter to get in the holiday spirit is	candles.
one person, real or fictional, who is known for being tall is	shaquille o'neil.
one person, real or fictional, who is known for being tall is	paul bunyan.
one person, real or fictional, who is known for being tall is	abe lincoln.
one person, real or fictional, who is known for being tall is	andre the giant.
one person, real or fictional, who is known for being tall is	michael jordan.
one person, real or fictional, who is known for being tall is	goliath.
one person you don't want to get a phone call from is	police.
one person you don't want to get a phone call from is	irs.
one person you don't want to get a phone call from is	telemarketer.
one person you don't want to get a phone call from is	your ex.
one person you don't want to get a phone call from is	bill collecter.
one person you don't want to get a phone call from is	attorney.
one person you don't want to get a phone call from is	principal.
one thing a teen i more likely to do to their appearance then their parents are is	dye hair.
one thing a teen i more likely to do to their appearance then their parents are is	get a tattoo.
one thing a teen i more likely to do to their appearance then their parents are is	get a piercing.
one thing a teen i more likely to do to their appearance then their parents are is	wear make up.
one place where you would find an usher is	place of worship.
one place where you would find an usher is	wedding.
one place where you would find an usher is	movie theatre.
one place where you would find an usher is	funeral.
one place where you would find an usher is	concert.
one thing you need in order to get a great job is	resume.
one thing you need in order to get a great job is	education.
one thing you need in order to get a great job is	experience.
one thing you need in order to get a great job is	good looks.
one thing you need in order to get a great job is	personality.
one thing you need in order to get a great job is	intelligence.
one thing you need in order to get a great job is	connections.
one place an animal might take a bath, but you never would is	lake.
one place an animal might take a bath, but you never would is	mud puddle.
one place an animal might take a bath, but you never would is	dust.
one place an animal might take a bath, but you never would is	birdbath.
one sport that can only be played outdoors in the winter is	ice hockey.
one sport that can only be played outdoors in the winter is	skiing.
one sport that can only be played outdoors in the winter is	ice skating.
one sport that can only be played outdoors in the winter is	snowboarding.
one sport that can only be played outdoors in the winter is	bobsledding.
one diet method that doesn't seem very reliable is	no carb diet.
one diet method that doesn't seem very reliable is	fasting.
one diet method that doesn't seem very reliable is	diet pills.
one diet method that doesn't seem very reliable is	diet shakes.
one thing you'd eat a lot of if you needed to gain a quick 10 pounds is	candy bar.
one thing you'd eat a lot of if you needed to gain a quick 10 pounds is	potato chips.
one thing you'd eat a lot of if you needed to gain a quick 10 pounds is	potatoes.
one thing you'd eat a lot of if you needed to gain a quick 10 pounds is	fast food.
one thing you'd eat a lot of if you needed to gain a quick 10 pounds is	ice cream.
one thing you'd eat a lot of if you needed to gain a quick 10 pounds is	bread.
one thing people do in hawaii that they don't do in alaska in the winter is	surf.
one thing people do in hawaii that they don't do in alaska in the winter is	swim.
one thing people do in hawaii that they don't do in alaska in the winter is	sun bathe.
one thing people do in hawaii that they don't do in alaska in the winter is	wear bathing suits.
one thing people do in hawaii that they don't do in alaska in the winter is	hula dance.
one thing people do in hawaii that they don't do in alaska in the winter is	skinny dip.
one device that you keep in your bathroom for grooming purposes is	brush/comb.
one device that you keep in your bathroom for grooming purposes is	razor.
one device that you keep in your bathroom for grooming purposes is	tweezers.
one device that you keep in your bathroom for grooming purposes is	scissors.
one drink that tastes disgusting when it's warm is	beer.
one drink that tastes disgusting when it's warm is	milk.
one drink that tastes disgusting when it's warm is	soda.
one drink that tastes disgusting when it's warm is	coffee.
one drink that tastes disgusting when it's warm is	milkshake.
one drink that tastes disgusting when it's warm is	juice.
one thing youd be shocked to see falling from the sky is	plane.
one thing youd be shocked to see falling from the sky is	falling star.
one thing youd be shocked to see falling from the sky is	money.
one thing youd be shocked to see falling from the sky is	ufo.
one thing youd be shocked to see falling from the sky is	person.
one thing in a house that a spoiled kid might have their own of is	tv.
one thing in a house that a spoiled kid might have their own of is	computer.
one thing in a house that a spoiled kid might have their own of is	phone.
one thing in a house that a spoiled kid might have their own of is	bathroom.
one reason why another driver may flash their headlights at you is	police ahead.
one reason why another driver may flash their headlights at you is	driving too slow.
one reason why another driver may flash their headlights at you is	lights off/on.
one reason why another driver may flash their headlights at you is	brights on.
one reason why another driver may flash their headlights at you is	deer/animal in the road.
one place that single people travel to for its party atmosphere is	las vegas.
one place that single people travel to for its party atmosphere is	cancun.
one place that single people travel to for its party atmosphere is	new oleeans.
one place that single people travel to for its party atmosphere is	new york.
one place that single people travel to for its party atmosphere is	amsterdam.
one place that single people travel to for its party atmosphere is	los angeles.
one thing you can get in extra large is	t-shirt.
one thing you can get in extra large is	fries.
one thing you can get in extra large is	pizza.
one thing you can get in extra large is	soda.
one thing you can get in extra large is	eggs.
one thing twins might always share is	looks.
one thing twins might always share is	parents.
one thing twins might always share is	birthday.
one thing twins might always share is	genes.
one thing twins might always share is	last name.
one red colored frozen yogurt topping is	strawberry.
one red colored frozen yogurt topping is	cherry.
one red colored frozen yogurt topping is	raspberry.
one red colored frozen yogurt topping is	red sprinkles.
one type of photo that most people don't smile in is	passport.
one type of photo that most people don't smile in is	mug shot.
one type of photo that most people don't smile in is	driver's license.
one type of photo that most people don't smile in is	sports photo.
one thing that people put behind their ears is	pen/pencil.
one thing that people put behind their ears is	hair.
one thing that people put behind their ears is	glasses.
one thing that people put behind their ears is	perfume.
one thing that people put behind their ears is	earrings.
one thing that people put behind their ears is	cigarette.
one thing that couples often get more than one of as wedding presents is	toaster.
one thing that couples often get more than one of as wedding presents is	blender.
one thing that couples often get more than one of as wedding presents is	dishes.
one thing that couples often get more than one of as wedding presents is	towels.
one thing of her child's that a mom would save forever is	lock of baby hair.
one thing of her child's that a mom would save forever is	photos.
one thing of her child's that a mom would save forever is	baby teeth.
one thing of her child's that a mom would save forever is	clothes.
one thing of her child's that a mom would save forever is	blanket.
one thing of her child's that a mom would save forever is	artwork.
one thing you lie to your boss about is	sick/absence.
one thing you lie to your boss about is	lateness.
one thing you lie to your boss about is	resume/expeirience.
one thing you lie to your boss about is	can't work overtime.
one thing you cant do in a home gym thant you can do in a real gym is	swim.
one thing you cant do in a home gym thant you can do in a real gym is	run track.
one thing you cant do in a home gym thant you can do in a real gym is	sauna.
one thing you cant do in a home gym thant you can do in a real gym is	lift weights.
one thing you cant do in a home gym thant you can do in a real gym is	socialize.
one animal that you wouldn't want to escape from the zoo is	lion.
one animal that you wouldn't want to escape from the zoo is	tiger.
one animal that you wouldn't want to escape from the zoo is	bear.
one animal that you wouldn't want to escape from the zoo is	gorilla.
one animal that you wouldn't want to escape from the zoo is	giraffe.
one animal that you wouldn't want to escape from the zoo is	elephant.
one thing that could ruin a romantic dinner is	passing gas.
one thing that could ruin a romantic dinner is	fight.
one thing that could ruin a romantic dinner is	bad food.
one thing that could ruin a romantic dinner is	phone call.
one thing that could ruin a romantic dinner is	kids.
one thing that could ruin a romantic dinner is	getting sick.
one company that makes sport utility vehicles is	ford.
one company that makes sport utility vehicles is	chevrolet.
one company that makes sport utility vehicles is	chrysler.
one company that makes sport utility vehicles is	dodge.
one company that makes sport utility vehicles is	gm.
one company that makes sport utility vehicles is	toyota.
one company that makes sport utility vehicles is	jeep.
one synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun is	ball and chain.
one synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun is	tie the knot.
one synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun is	hitched.
one synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun is	tied down.
one thanksgiving food that often comes from a box or can is	stuffing.
one thanksgiving food that often comes from a box or can is	cranberry sauce.
one thanksgiving food that often comes from a box or can is	corn.
one thanksgiving food that often comes from a box or can is	yams.
one occupation that you could show off at a high school reunion is	doctor.
one occupation that you could show off at a high school reunion is	lawyer.
one occupation that you could show off at a high school reunion is	actor/model.
one occupation that you could show off at a high school reunion is	business person.
one fairy tale character whose name would cause her to stand out in the real world is	cinderella.
one fairy tale character whose name would cause her to stand out in the real world is	snow white.
one fairy tale character whose name would cause her to stand out in the real world is	little red riding hood.
one fairy tale character whose name would cause her to stand out in the real world is	rapunzel.
one fairy tale character whose name would cause her to stand out in the real world is	goldy locks.
one fairy tale character whose name would cause her to stand out in the real world is	sleeping beauty.
one thing in your garage that might be mistaken for a snake in the dark is	garden hose.
one thing in your garage that might be mistaken for a snake in the dark is	rope.
one thing in your garage that might be mistaken for a snake in the dark is	electrical cord.
one thing in your garage that might be mistaken for a snake in the dark is	bike chain.
one thing that probably drops in sales in the winter is	swimsuit.
one thing that probably drops in sales in the winter is	summer clothing.
one thing that probably drops in sales in the winter is	pool equipment.
one thing that probably drops in sales in the winter is	lawn care.
one thing that probably drops in sales in the winter is	ice cream.
one thing that probably drops in sales in the winter is	air conditioner.
one thing people are often trying to get out of doing is	work.
one thing people are often trying to get out of doing is	homework.
one thing people are often trying to get out of doing is	chores.
one thing people are often trying to get out of doing is	jury duty.
one clothing trend from the 1980s that has come back in style is	stretch pants.
one clothing trend from the 1980s that has come back in style is	tight jeans.
one clothing trend from the 1980s that has come back in style is	leg warmers.
one clothing trend from the 1980s that has come back in style is	big hair.
one clothing trend from the 1980s that has come back in style is	bright colors.
one famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans is	sophia loren.
one famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans is	queen elizabeth.
one famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans is	nicole kidman.
one famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans is	madonna.
one famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans is	zsa zsa gabor.
one famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans is	penelope cruz.
one famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans is	dolly parton.
one reason you might wear a hat is	sun protection.
one reason you might wear a hat is	bad hair day.
one reason you might wear a hat is	raining.
one reason you might wear a hat is	bald head.
one reason you might wear a hat is	bad haircut.
one reason you might wear a hat is	cold.
one thing specific you might wear to bed if you're really cold is	socks.
one thing specific you might wear to bed if you're really cold is	sweater/sweatsuit.
one thing specific you might wear to bed if you're really cold is	flannel pjs.
one thing specific you might wear to bed if you're really cold is	long johns.
one thing specific you might wear to bed if you're really cold is	robe.
one thing specific you might wear to bed if you're really cold is	hat.
one thing most parents would let their teen experiment with is	driving.
one thing most parents would let their teen experiment with is	make up.
one thing most parents would let their teen experiment with is	dating.
one thing most parents would let their teen experiment with is	hairstyle.
one thing a clown might be carrying is	balloons.
one thing a clown might be carrying is	pie.
one thing a clown might be carrying is	flowers.
one thing a clown might be carrying is	horn.
one thing a clown might be carrying is	ball.
one thing a clown might be carrying is	umbrella.
one thing a clown might be carrying is	handkerchief.
somewhere that parents cant wait for their kids to go is	to school.
somewhere that parents cant wait for their kids to go is	to bed.
somewhere that parents cant wait for their kids to go is	to a friend's house.
somewhere that parents cant wait for their kids to go is	to summer camp.
one thing you do after getting a bad haircut is	cry.
one thing you do after getting a bad haircut is	wear a hat.
one thing you do after getting a bad haircut is	complain.
one thing you do after getting a bad haircut is	hide.
one thing kids are taught about abe lincoln is	16th president.
one thing kids are taught about abe lincoln is	honest.
one thing kids are taught about abe lincoln is	tall.
one thing kids are taught about abe lincoln is	abolitionist.
one thing kids are taught about abe lincoln is	beard.
one object considered to be good luck is	four leaf clover.
one object considered to be good luck is	rabbit's foot.
one object considered to be good luck is	horseshoe.
one object considered to be good luck is	penny.
one thing you might see at a church gift shop is	bible.
one thing you might see at a church gift shop is	rosary.
one reason why you dont answer the phone when youre home is	don't want to talk.
one reason why you dont answer the phone when youre home is	sleeping.
one reason why you dont answer the phone when youre home is	busy.
one reason why you dont answer the phone when youre home is	telemarketer.
one reason why you dont answer the phone when youre home is	in the shower.
one famous character who is never seen without his mask is	batman.
one famous character who is never seen without his mask is	spiderman.
one famous character who is never seen without his mask is	zorro.
one famous character who is never seen without his mask is	jason vorhees.
one famous character who is never seen without his mask is	lone ranger.
one famous character who is never seen without his mask is	the mask.
one thing you do to your lawn that you would never do to your wall-to-wall carpet is	water it.
one thing you do to your lawn that you would never do to your wall-to-wall carpet is	cut it.
one thing you do to your lawn that you would never do to your wall-to-wall carpet is	fertilize it.
one thing you do to your lawn that you would never do to your wall-to-wall carpet is	plant flowers.
one thing you do to your lawn that you would never do to your wall-to-wall carpet is	rake it.
one thing you shouldnt squeeze too tightly is	baby.
one thing you shouldnt squeeze too tightly is	vegetables.
one thing you shouldnt squeeze too tightly is	eggs.
one thing you shouldnt squeeze too tightly is	balloon.
one thing you shouldnt squeeze too tightly is	charmin tissue.
one thing you shouldnt squeeze too tightly is	bread.
one reason a kid might get sent home from school is	got in a fight.
one reason a kid might get sent home from school is	being sick.
one reason a kid might get sent home from school is	talk back to teacher.
one reason a kid might get sent home from school is	bring a weapon.
one reason a kid might get sent home from school is	swearing.
one reason a kid might get sent home from school is	smoking.
one thing specific a person may change in order to become a celebrity is	body.
one thing specific a person may change in order to become a celebrity is	name.
one thing specific a person may change in order to become a celebrity is	hair.
one thing specific a person may change in order to become a celebrity is	attitude.
one thing specific a person may change in order to become a celebrity is	nose.
one thing a dad would look silly borrowing from his child at the bowling alley is	shoes.
one thing a dad would look silly borrowing from his child at the bowling alley is	lightweight ball.
one thing a dad would look silly borrowing from his child at the bowling alley is	money.
one thing a baseball umpire might keep in his locker is	facemask.
one thing a baseball umpire might keep in his locker is	baseball.
one thing a baseball umpire might keep in his locker is	cap.
one thing a baseball umpire might keep in his locker is	cup.
one thing a baseball umpire might keep in his locker is	chest protection.
one thing a baseball umpire might keep in his locker is	tobacco.
the best flavor of popsicle is	cherry.
the best flavor of popsicle is	strawberry.
the best flavor of popsicle is	orange.
the best flavor of popsicle is	grape.
the best flavor of popsicle is	raspberry.
the best flavor of popsicle is	banana.
the best flavor of popsicle is	bubble gum.
one singer who became famous as a child is	michael jackson.
one singer who became famous as a child is	brittney spears.
one singer who became famous as a child is	donny osmond.
one singer who became famous as a child is	shirley temple.
one thing a vacation brochure tells you about a destination is	weather.
one thing a vacation brochure tells you about a destination is	prices.
one thing a vacation brochure tells you about a destination is	where to stay.
one thing a vacation brochure tells you about a destination is	attractions.
one animal character that talks in the movies is	bugs bunny.
one animal character that talks in the movies is	babe.
one animal character that talks in the movies is	mickey mouse.
one animal character that talks in the movies is	kermit the frog.
one animal character that talks in the movies is	daffy duck.
one animal character that talks in the movies is	porky pig.
one animal character that talks in the movies is	donald duck.
one thing dogs get more excited about than humans do is	bones.
one thing dogs get more excited about than humans do is	dog food/treats.
one thing dogs get more excited about than humans do is	their owner.
one thing dogs get more excited about than humans do is	other dogs.
one thing dogs get more excited about than humans do is	going for a walk.
one thing dogs get more excited about than humans do is	toys.
one fruit that can get bruised is	apple.
one fruit that can get bruised is	peach.
one fruit that can get bruised is	bananas.
one fruit that can get bruised is	pear.
one profession where you might have a dog for a sidekick is	police officer.
one profession where you might have a dog for a sidekick is	firefighter.
one profession where you might have a dog for a sidekick is	performer.
one thing you would need if you were putting on a rock concert is	band.
one thing you would need if you were putting on a rock concert is	stage.
one thing you would need if you were putting on a rock concert is	amplifiers.
one thing you would need if you were putting on a rock concert is	speakers.
one thing you would need if you were putting on a rock concert is	guitar.
one thing you would need if you were putting on a rock concert is	fans.
one thing you would need if you were putting on a rock concert is	ear plugs.
one thing sold doortodoor is	vacuums.
one thing sold doortodoor is	book.
one thing sold doortodoor is	magazines.
one thing sold doortodoor is	cosmetics.
one thing sold doortodoor is	cookies.
one thing sold doortodoor is	insurance.
one thing sold doortodoor is	fuller brushes.
name a dessert that can only be eaten with a spoonone thing a man might still do for woman when they go out on a date is	open doors.
name a dessert that can only be eaten with a spoonone thing a man might still do for woman when they go out on a date is	pay for dinner.
name a dessert that can only be eaten with a spoonone thing a man might still do for woman when they go out on a date is	compliment her.
name a dessert that can only be eaten with a spoonone thing a man might still do for woman when they go out on a date is	give her flowers.
one thing kids might collect from the beach is	shells.
one thing kids might collect from the beach is	sand.
one thing kids might collect from the beach is	rocks.
one thing kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago is	talking back.
one thing kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago is	swearing.
one thing kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago is	cheating.
one thing kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago is	chewing gum.
one thing kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago is	use cell phone.
one thing kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago is	skipping class.
one thing kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago is	arriving late.
the time of day a person is likely to take a nap is	2pm.
the time of day a person is likely to take a nap is	12pm.
the time of day a person is likely to take a nap is	1pm.
one type of magazine that you'd be surprised to see a supermodel browsing through is	sports.
one type of magazine that you'd be surprised to see a supermodel browsing through is	car.
one type of magazine that you'd be surprised to see a supermodel browsing through is	cooking.
one type of magazine that you'd be surprised to see a supermodel browsing through is	men's mag.
one type of magazine that you'd be surprised to see a supermodel browsing through is	news/politics.
one type of magazine that you'd be surprised to see a supermodel browsing through is	hunting/fishing.
one thing you cant be afraid of if you want to become a vampire is	blood.
one thing you cant be afraid of if you want to become a vampire is	the dark.
one thing you cant be afraid of if you want to become a vampire is	cross.
one thing you cant be afraid of if you want to become a vampire is	neck bites.
one thing you cant be afraid of if you want to become a vampire is	bats.
one thing specific that is sold by the bunch is	bananas.
one thing specific that is sold by the bunch is	grapes.
one thing specific that is sold by the bunch is	flowers.
one thing specific that is sold by the bunch is	carrots.
one thing specific that is sold by the bunch is	onions.
one thing specific that is sold by the bunch is	radishes.
one club bill gates probably belonged to in high school is	computer.
one club bill gates probably belonged to in high school is	chess.
one club bill gates probably belonged to in high school is	debate.
one club bill gates probably belonged to in high school is	glee club.
one club bill gates probably belonged to in high school is	boy scouts.
one club bill gates probably belonged to in high school is	math.
one club bill gates probably belonged to in high school is	science.
one popular flavor of sherbet is	orange.
one popular flavor of sherbet is	lime.
one popular flavor of sherbet is	strawberry.
one popular flavor of sherbet is	lemon.
the worst thing for a circus performer to be afraid of is	heights/falling.
the worst thing for a circus performer to be afraid of is	animals.
the worst thing for a circus performer to be afraid of is	clowns.
the worst thing for a circus performer to be afraid of is	performing.
the worst place you could have a sneezing fit is	church.
the worst place you could have a sneezing fit is	work.
the worst place you could have a sneezing fit is	movies.
the worst place you could have a sneezing fit is	library.
the worst place you could have a sneezing fit is	driving a car.
the worst place you could have a sneezing fit is	restaurant.
one place where youd find colorful neon lights is	las vegas.
one place where youd find colorful neon lights is	theater.
one place where youd find colorful neon lights is	times square.
one place where youd find colorful neon lights is	bar.
one place where youd find colorful neon lights is	store.
one place where youd find colorful neon lights is	motel.
one place where youd find colorful neon lights is	theme park.
one drink that often comes with a spoon is	milkshake.
one drink that often comes with a spoon is	coffee.
one drink that often comes with a spoon is	tea.
one drink that often comes with a spoon is	hot chocolate.
one drink that often comes with a spoon is	root beer float.
one drink that often comes with a spoon is	slush/smoothie.
one reason why your kids teacher might call from school is	sick.
one reason why your kids teacher might call from school is	bad behavior.
one reason why your kids teacher might call from school is	bad grades.
one reason why your kids teacher might call from school is	fight.
one reason why your kids teacher might call from school is	skipping class.
one thing people do to help them fall asleep at night is	sleeping pill.
one thing people do to help them fall asleep at night is	count sheep.
one thing people do to help them fall asleep at night is	drink warm milk.
one thing people do to help them fall asleep at night is	read.
one thing people do to help them fall asleep at night is	watch tv.
one thing people do to help them fall asleep at night is	listen to music.
one thing people do to help them fall asleep at night is	listen to the radio.
one thing you buy to go with a guitar is	pick.
one thing you buy to go with a guitar is	case.
one thing you buy to go with a guitar is	strings.
one thing you buy to go with a guitar is	amp.
one thing you buy to go with a guitar is	sheet music.
one thing "fake" that you might give to the person hitting on you in a bar is	phone number.
one thing "fake" that you might give to the person hitting on you in a bar is	name.
one thing "fake" that you might give to the person hitting on you in a bar is	smile.
one thing "fake" that you might give to the person hitting on you in a bar is	compliment.
some reasons why teenagers want to get older is	drive.
some reasons why teenagers want to get older is	drink.
some reasons why teenagers want to get older is	move out.
some reasons why teenagers want to get older is	date.
some reasons why teenagers want to get older is	get a job.
some reasons why teenagers want to get older is	no curfew.
one thing that can cause a flat tire is	nail.
one thing that can cause a flat tire is	glass shard.
one thing that can cause a flat tire is	pin.
one thing that can cause a flat tire is	rocks.
one thing that might be added to a rockstar's tour bus that you wouldn't find on a city bus is	bathroom.
one thing that might be added to a rockstar's tour bus that you wouldn't find on a city bus is	bed.
one thing that might be added to a rockstar's tour bus that you wouldn't find on a city bus is	television.
one thing that might be added to a rockstar's tour bus that you wouldn't find on a city bus is	bar.
one thing that might be added to a rockstar's tour bus that you wouldn't find on a city bus is	kitchen.
one thing that might be added to a rockstar's tour bus that you wouldn't find on a city bus is	stereo.
one thing a losing sports team does to the winners to show good sportsmanship is	shake hands.
one thing a losing sports team does to the winners to show good sportsmanship is	high five.
one thing a losing sports team does to the winners to show good sportsmanship is	clap.
one thing a losing sports team does to the winners to show good sportsmanship is	congratulate.
one thing a flight attendant sees everyday is	passengers.
one thing a flight attendant sees everyday is	planes.
one thing a flight attendant sees everyday is	clouds.
one thing a flight attendant sees everyday is	pilot.
one thing a flight attendant sees everyday is	sky.
one thing a flight attendant sees everyday is	in flight movie.
one thing a flight attendant sees everyday is	safety movie.
one character who's known for almost ruining christmas is	grinch.
one character who's known for almost ruining christmas is	ebenezer scrooge.
one character who's known for almost ruining christmas is	charlie brown.
one event that takes place at a church is	wedding.
one event that takes place at a church is	prayer service.
one event that takes place at a church is	baptism.
one event that takes place at a church is	bible studies.
one event that takes place at a church is	holy communion.
one event that takes place at a church is	concert.
one thing important that you're careful not to misplace when you move is	keys.
one thing important that you're careful not to misplace when you move is	passport.
one thing important that you're careful not to misplace when you move is	wallet/money.
one thing important that you're careful not to misplace when you move is	jewelery.
one thing important that you're careful not to misplace when you move is	phone.
one thing that's conducted is	performances.
one thing that's conducted is	train.
one thing that's conducted is	electricity.
one thing that's conducted is	survey.
one thing a divorced person might do with their wedding ring is	sell it.
one thing a divorced person might do with their wedding ring is	throw it away.
one thing a divorced person might do with their wedding ring is	give it back.
one thing a divorced person might do with their wedding ring is	keep it.
one thing youd like to have in your backyard is	pool.
one thing youd like to have in your backyard is	garden.
one thing youd like to have in your backyard is	swingset.
one thing youd like to have in your backyard is	grill.
one thing youd like to have in your backyard is	fence.
one thing youd like to have in your backyard is	fountain.
one messy food you can tell a kid has been eating is	spaghetti.
one messy food you can tell a kid has been eating is	ice cream.
one messy food you can tell a kid has been eating is	chocolate.
one messy food you can tell a kid has been eating is	pizza.
one messy food you can tell a kid has been eating is	cake.
one fictional character who makes spy work look like a lot of fun is	inspector gadget.
one fictional character who makes spy work look like a lot of fun is	sherlock holmes.
one fictional character who makes spy work look like a lot of fun is	james bond.
one fictional character who makes spy work look like a lot of fun is	nancy drew.
one common sickness that kids seem to get more often than adults is	cold.
one common sickness that kids seem to get more often than adults is	flu.
one common sickness that kids seem to get more often than adults is	chicken pox.
one common sickness that kids seem to get more often than adults is	ear infection.
one common sickness that kids seem to get more often than adults is	strep throat.
one thing in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger is	tv.
one thing in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger is	bathroom.
one thing in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger is	bed.
one thing in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger is	kitchen.
one thing in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger is	closets.
one thing in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger is	bedroom.
one thing in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger is	backyard.
one thing people eat with crackers is	cheese.
one thing people eat with crackers is	soup.
one thing people eat with crackers is	peanut butter.
one thing people eat with crackers is	chili.
one shade of blue (light and dark are not answers) is	navy blue.
one shade of blue (light and dark are not answers) is	baby blue.
one shade of blue (light and dark are not answers) is	sky blue.
one shade of blue (light and dark are not answers) is	teal/turquoise.
one shade of blue (light and dark are not answers) is	royal.
one shade of blue (light and dark are not answers) is	sapphire.
one thing people do to lower their temperature when they have a fever is	cold bath.
one thing people do to lower their temperature when they have a fever is	medicine.
one thing people do to lower their temperature when they have a fever is	cold washcloth.
one thing people do to lower their temperature when they have a fever is	use ice.
one accent that many americans consider sexy is	french.
one accent that many americans consider sexy is	italian.
one accent that many americans consider sexy is	spanish.
one accent that many americans consider sexy is	british.
one accent that many americans consider sexy is	southern.
one accent that many americans consider sexy is	australian.
one accent that many americans consider sexy is	irish.
one profession where neatness counts is	doctor/nurse.
one profession where neatness counts is	maid.
one profession where neatness counts is	teacher.
one profession where neatness counts is	secretary.
one profession where neatness counts is	accountant/banker.
one thing that can stink up your car is	cigarettes.
one thing that can stink up your car is	rotten fruit.
one thing that can stink up your car is	spoiled milk.
one thing that can stink up your car is	fish.
one thing that can stink up your car is	wet dog.
one thing that can stink up your car is	body ordor.
one thing that can stink up your car is	onion.
one thing a teenage boy might ask his dad for is	car.
one thing a teenage boy might ask his dad for is	money.
one thing a teenage boy might ask his dad for is	advice.
one thing a teenage boy might ask his dad for is	bike.
one thing a teenage boy might ask his dad for is	2.
one thing you might do in front of a doctor but not in front of most people youve just met is	undress.
one thing you might do in front of a doctor but not in front of most people youve just met is	cry.
one thing you might do in front of a doctor but not in front of most people youve just met is	discuss heavy issues.
one thing you might do in front of a doctor but not in front of most people youve just met is	stick out tongue.
one thing you might do in front of a doctor but not in front of most people youve just met is	cough.
one thing people do that ticks off animal activists is	wear fur.
one thing people do that ticks off animal activists is	hunting.
one thing people do that ticks off animal activists is	eat meat.
one thing people do that ticks off animal activists is	tests.
one thing you spray on yourself that would sting if it got in your eyes is	perfume.
one thing you spray on yourself that would sting if it got in your eyes is	insect repelant.
one thing you spray on yourself that would sting if it got in your eyes is	hairspray.
one thing you spray on yourself that would sting if it got in your eyes is	sunscreen/tan.
one thing you spray on yourself that would sting if it got in your eyes is	deoderant.
one celeb who should never have taken up acting is	paris hilton.
one celeb who should never have taken up acting is	britney spears.
one celeb who should never have taken up acting is	jessica simpson.
one celeb who should never have taken up acting is	pamela anderson.
one celeb who should never have taken up acting is	mariah carey.
one celeb who should never have taken up acting is	madonna.
one thing people wear that has their company logo on is	shirt.
one thing people wear that has their company logo on is	hat.
one thing people wear that has their company logo on is	jacket.
one thing people wear that has their company logo on is	uniform.
one thing people wear that has their company logo on is	badge.
one measurement a man probably doesn't know about his wife's body is	her waist.
one measurement a man probably doesn't know about his wife's body is	bust.
one measurement a man probably doesn't know about his wife's body is	her hips.
one measurement a man probably doesn't know about his wife's body is	her weight.
one measurement a man probably doesn't know about his wife's body is	butt size.
one measurement a man probably doesn't know about his wife's body is	feet size.
one profession that would help you be good at solving crossword puzzles is	teacher.
one profession that would help you be good at solving crossword puzzles is	writer.
one profession that would help you be good at solving crossword puzzles is	librarian.
one profession that would help you be good at solving crossword puzzles is	editor.
one profession that would help you be good at solving crossword puzzles is	journalist.
one halloween costume adults wear to look sexy is	nurse.
one halloween costume adults wear to look sexy is	maid.
one halloween costume adults wear to look sexy is	devil.
one halloween costume adults wear to look sexy is	cat.
one halloween costume adults wear to look sexy is	witch.
one halloween costume adults wear to look sexy is	vampire.
one halloween costume adults wear to look sexy is	cop.
one modern device that older people have trouble using is	computer.
one modern device that older people have trouble using is	video player.
one modern device that older people have trouble using is	hearing aid.
one modern device that older people have trouble using is	microwave.
one modern device that older people have trouble using is	telephone.
one modern device that older people have trouble using is	remote control.
one bird with really long legs is	ostrich.
one bird with really long legs is	flamingo.
one thing that may include a meal in the ticket price is	concert.
one thing that may include a meal in the ticket price is	flight.
one thing that may include a meal in the ticket price is	movie.
one thing that may include a meal in the ticket price is	cruise.
one fruit they put in ice cream is	strawberry.
one fruit they put in ice cream is	peach.
one fruit they put in ice cream is	banana.
one fruit they put in ice cream is	raspberry.
one place people often keep a spare key is	under mat.
one place people often keep a spare key is	under a rock.
one place people often keep a spare key is	at neighbors.
one place people often keep a spare key is	flower pot.
one place people often keep a spare key is	wallet/purse.
one place people often keep a spare key is	car.
one kind of drink you wouldnt want to have spilled on you is	wine.
one kind of drink you wouldnt want to have spilled on you is	coffee.
one kind of drink you wouldnt want to have spilled on you is	beer.
one kind of drink you wouldnt want to have spilled on you is	juice.
one kind of drink you wouldnt want to have spilled on you is	milk.
one color most people wouldnt want to paint their house is	black.
one color most people wouldnt want to paint their house is	pink.
one color most people wouldnt want to paint their house is	purple.
one color most people wouldnt want to paint their house is	orange.
one color most people wouldnt want to paint their house is	red.
one color most people wouldnt want to paint their house is	white.
one color most people wouldnt want to paint their house is	green.
one occasion that it would not be fashionable to arrive late to is	wedding.
one occasion that it would not be fashionable to arrive late to is	funeral.
one occasion that it would not be fashionable to arrive late to is	work/meeting.
one occasion that it would not be fashionable to arrive late to is	job interview.
one occasion that it would not be fashionable to arrive late to is	court.
one hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro is	golf.
one hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro is	tennis.
one hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro is	piano.
one hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro is	football.
one hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro is	playing guitar.
one hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro is	dancing.
one hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro is	singing.
one place where people get new recipes is	internet.
one place where people get new recipes is	cookbook.
one place where people get new recipes is	tv.
one place where people get new recipes is	friends.
one place where people get new recipes is	family recipe.
one thing that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college is	roommate wanted.
one thing that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college is	jobs.
one thing that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college is	books.
one thing that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college is	lecture.
one thing that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college is	concert.
one thing that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college is	classes.
one thing that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college is	tutoring.
one thing you might see in a museum about the old west is	gun.
one thing you might see in a museum about the old west is	pictures.
one thing you might see in a museum about the old west is	covered wagon.
one thing you might see in a museum about the old west is	stagecoach.
one thing you might see in a museum about the old west is	buffalo.
one thing a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear is	clean your room.
one thing a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear is	go to bed.
one thing a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear is	do your homework.
one thing a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear is	eat your vegetables.
one thing a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear is	be quiet.
one thing a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear is	their name.
one thing a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear is	no.
how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo (numeric only) is	6.
how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo (numeric only) is	4.
how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo (numeric only) is	8.
how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo (numeric only) is	5.
how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo (numeric only) is	10.
how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo (numeric only) is	7.
how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo (numeric only) is	3.
one thing about a teddy bear thats different from a real bear is	huggable.
one thing about a teddy bear thats different from a real bear is	stuffed.
one thing about a teddy bear thats different from a real bear is	smaller.
one thing about a teddy bear thats different from a real bear is	softer.
one thing about a teddy bear thats different from a real bear is	no teeth.
one thing about a teddy bear thats different from a real bear is	safe.
one thing a kid with a broken arm would have a hard time doing at school is	writing.
one thing a kid with a broken arm would have a hard time doing at school is	playing sports.
one thing a kid with a broken arm would have a hard time doing at school is	carrying things.
one thing a kid with a broken arm would have a hard time doing at school is	going to bathroom.
one thing a kid with a broken arm would have a hard time doing at school is	raising hand.
one type of business that you can smell before you see it is	bakery.
one type of business that you can smell before you see it is	restaurant.
one type of business that you can smell before you see it is	fish market.
one type of business that you can smell before you see it is	sewage treatment.
one type of business that you can smell before you see it is	coffee shop.
one type of business that you can smell before you see it is	florist.
one thing you might see at a bus stop is	people.
one thing you might see at a bus stop is	bench.
one thing you might see at a bus stop is	bus.
one thing you might see at a bus stop is	bus signs.
one thing you might see at a bus stop is	bus schedule.
one thing you might see at a bus stop is	poster.
one thing humans wear, but cats look silly in is	hats.
one thing humans wear, but cats look silly in is	shoes.
one thing humans wear, but cats look silly in is	glasses.
one thing humans wear, but cats look silly in is	sweater.
one food that's noisy when people eat it is	chips.
one food that's noisy when people eat it is	popcorn.
one food that's noisy when people eat it is	celery.
one food that's noisy when people eat it is	carrots.
one food that's noisy when people eat it is	apple.
one food that's noisy when people eat it is	cereal.
the best place to be on a winter night is	near the fireplace.
the best place to be on a winter night is	home.
the best place to be on a winter night is	in a warm bed.
the best place to be on a winter night is	in a warm place.
the best place to be on a winter night is	mountains.
the best place to be on a winter night is	cozy cottage.
one specific smell from a diner in the morning that makes you want to go in is	bacon.
one specific smell from a diner in the morning that makes you want to go in is	coffee.
one specific smell from a diner in the morning that makes you want to go in is	eggs.
one specific smell from a diner in the morning that makes you want to go in is	pancakes.
one specific smell from a diner in the morning that makes you want to go in is	sausage.
one specific smell from a diner in the morning that makes you want to go in is	donuts.
one place that kids need their parents to drive them is	school.
one place that kids need their parents to drive them is	the mall.
one place that kids need their parents to drive them is	the movies.
one place that kids need their parents to drive them is	clubs/practice.
one place that kids need their parents to drive them is	friemd's/party.
one occupation that might get tired of wearing the same thing every day is	nurse.
one occupation that might get tired of wearing the same thing every day is	doctor.
one occupation that might get tired of wearing the same thing every day is	police officer.
one occupation that might get tired of wearing the same thing every day is	food server.
one occupation that might get tired of wearing the same thing every day is	mail carrier.
some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to is	reading.
some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to is	watching tv.
some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to is	sleeping.
some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to is	golfing.
some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to is	swimming.
some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to is	shopping.
some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to is	using a computer.
one activity that could be rained out is	sports event.
one activity that could be rained out is	picnic.
one activity that could be rained out is	wedding.
one activity that could be rained out is	concert.
one activity that could be rained out is	barbeque.
one phrase that a cool guy might use to say hello is	what's up.
one phrase that a cool guy might use to say hello is	hey.
one phrase that a cool guy might use to say hello is	yo.
one phrase that a cool guy might use to say hello is	what's happening.
one thing that's served at room temperature is	red wine.
one thing that's served at room temperature is	cake/pie.
one thing that's served at room temperature is	bread.
one thing that's served at room temperature is	fruit.
one thing a teacher might make students do during an emergency drill is	leave classroom.
one thing a teacher might make students do during an emergency drill is	duck and cover.
one thing a teacher might make students do during an emergency drill is	form a line.
one thing a teacher might make students do during an emergency drill is	stay calm.
one common potato chip flavor is	barbecue.
one common potato chip flavor is	sour cream/onion.
one common potato chip flavor is	salt and vinegar.
one common potato chip flavor is	plain.
one common potato chip flavor is	cheddar.
one common potato chip flavor is	ranch.
one thing babies and puppies have in common is	cute.
one thing babies and puppies have in common is	drooling.
one thing babies and puppies have in common is	need attention.
one thing babies and puppies have in common is	playful.
one thing babies and puppies have in common is	sleep alot.
one thing babies and puppies have in common is	cry.
one halloween costume people wear if they dont want to go all out is	ghost.
one halloween costume people wear if they dont want to go all out is	witch.
one halloween costume people wear if they dont want to go all out is	pumpkin.
one halloween costume people wear if they dont want to go all out is	vampire.
one halloween costume people wear if they dont want to go all out is	pajamas.
one thing that tastes better with salt on it is	french fries.
one thing that tastes better with salt on it is	eggs.
one thing that tastes better with salt on it is	potato chips.
one thing that tastes better with salt on it is	corn on the cob.
one thing that tastes better with salt on it is	meat.
one thing that tastes better with salt on it is	tomatoes.
one thing you'd hate for your doctor to forget before operating on you is	anesthetic.
one thing you'd hate for your doctor to forget before operating on you is	wash hands.
one thing you'd hate for your doctor to forget before operating on you is	my name.
one thing you'd hate for your doctor to forget before operating on you is	procedure.
one thing you'd hate for your doctor to forget before operating on you is	rubber gloves.
one thing you'd hate for your doctor to forget before operating on you is	drugs.
one thing that will make a person age faster is	smoking.
one thing that will make a person age faster is	sunbathing.
one thing that will make a person age faster is	drinking.
one thing that will make a person age faster is	lack of sleep.
one thing that will make a person age faster is	stress.
one thing you hope that youre still doing when youre is	walking/running.
one thing you hope that youre still doing when youre is	active love life.
one thing you hope that youre still doing when youre is	driving.
one thing you hope that youre still doing when youre is	traveling.
one reason people might put lawnchairs on the sidewalk is	parade.
one reason people might put lawnchairs on the sidewalk is	sunbathing.
one reason people might put lawnchairs on the sidewalk is	yard sale.
one reason people might put lawnchairs on the sidewalk is	throwing them out.
one thing that a waitress on roller skates would say is her mortal enemy (more specific than food/drinks) is	rocks.
one thing that a waitress on roller skates would say is her mortal enemy (more specific than food/drinks) is	wet floor.
one thing that a waitress on roller skates would say is her mortal enemy (more specific than food/drinks) is	hot coffee.
one thing that a waitress on roller skates would say is her mortal enemy (more specific than food/drinks) is	cracks/bumps.
one thing that a waitress on roller skates would say is her mortal enemy (more specific than food/drinks) is	condiments/dressing.
one animal with a fluffy tail is	rabbit.
one animal with a fluffy tail is	cat.
one animal with a fluffy tail is	squirrel.
one animal with a fluffy tail is	husky/dog.
one animal with a fluffy tail is	fox.
one animal with a fluffy tail is	skunk.
one skill thats more important for teens to learn today than previously is	computer skills.
one skill thats more important for teens to learn today than previously is	driving.
one skill thats more important for teens to learn today than previously is	second language.
one fact about a new boyfriend that a woman might wait to tell her parents is	his age.
one fact about a new boyfriend that a woman might wait to tell her parents is	his job.
one fact about a new boyfriend that a woman might wait to tell her parents is	old relationships.
one fact about a new boyfriend that a woman might wait to tell her parents is	criminal record.
one thing that might have nuts in it is	candy.
one thing that might have nuts in it is	cookies.
one thing that might have nuts in it is	brownies.
one thing that might have nuts in it is	pies.
one thing that might have nuts in it is	cake.
one food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe is	eggs.
one food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe is	rice.
one food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe is	mac and cheese.
one food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe is	soup.
one food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe is	spaghetti.
one food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe is	frozen pizza.
one food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe is	cookies.
one thing contagious that kids sometimes catch, but adults seldom do is	chicken pox.
one thing contagious that kids sometimes catch, but adults seldom do is	cold.
one thing contagious that kids sometimes catch, but adults seldom do is	measles.
one thing contagious that kids sometimes catch, but adults seldom do is	lice.
one thing contagious that kids sometimes catch, but adults seldom do is	mumps.
one thing contagious that kids sometimes catch, but adults seldom do is	pink eye.
one thing on a baby that might be described as "chubby" is	cheeks.
one thing on a baby that might be described as "chubby" is	legs.
one thing on a baby that might be described as "chubby" is	belly.
one thing on a baby that might be described as "chubby" is	arms.
one thing on a baby that might be described as "chubby" is	hands.
one thing on a baby that might be described as "chubby" is	feet.
one thing that only a nosy person would look through is	your windows.
one thing that only a nosy person would look through is	your diary/journal.
one thing that only a nosy person would look through is	medicine cabinet/closet.
one thing that only a nosy person would look through is	your purse.
one thing that only a nosy person would look through is	your mail.
one thing that only a nosy person would look through is	cell phone records.
one thing that only a nosy person would look through is	your trash.
one skill that a persons resume might claim theyre better at than they really are is	typing.
one skill that a persons resume might claim theyre better at than they really are is	working hard.
one skill that a persons resume might claim theyre better at than they really are is	communication.
one skill that a persons resume might claim theyre better at than they really are is	sales.
one skill that a persons resume might claim theyre better at than they really are is	customer service.
one skill that a persons resume might claim theyre better at than they really are is	foreign language.
one meal that sometimes comes with a bib even for adults is	ribs.
one meal that sometimes comes with a bib even for adults is	wings.
one meal that sometimes comes with a bib even for adults is	seafood.
one meal that sometimes comes with a bib even for adults is	steak.
one place where you might see lots of minivans in the parking lot is	school.
one place where you might see lots of minivans in the parking lot is	mall.
one place where you might see lots of minivans in the parking lot is	sports game.
one place where you might see lots of minivans in the parking lot is	park.
one place where you might see lots of minivans in the parking lot is	car dealership.
one place where you might see lots of minivans in the parking lot is	grocery store.
your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate is	caramel.
your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate is	cherry.
your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate is	strawberry.
your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate is	chocolate creme.
your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate is	nut.
your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate is	peanut butter.
your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate is	vanilla.
one reason why you'd wake your spouse up in the middle of the night is	heard a noise.
one reason why you'd wake your spouse up in the middle of the night is	"in the mood".
one reason why you'd wake your spouse up in the middle of the night is	snoring.
one reason why you'd wake your spouse up in the middle of the night is	you're sick.
one reason why you'd wake your spouse up in the middle of the night is	had a nightmare.
one thing hawaiians do to celebrate winter is	lu'au.
one thing hawaiians do to celebrate winter is	dance.
one thing hawaiians do to celebrate winter is	surf.
one thing hawaiians do to celebrate winter is	party.
one thing hawaiians do to celebrate winter is	decorate.
one thing hawaiians do to celebrate winter is	swim.
one kitchen appliance that is hardest to clean is	stove/oven.
one kitchen appliance that is hardest to clean is	blender.
one kitchen appliance that is hardest to clean is	refrigerator.
one kitchen appliance that is hardest to clean is	microwave.
one kitchen appliance that is hardest to clean is	toaster.
one kitchen appliance that is hardest to clean is	coffee maker.
one thing that people have a desire to smash is	pumpkin.
one thing that people have a desire to smash is	glass.
one thing that people have a desire to smash is	bugs.
one thing that people have a desire to smash is	cans.
one thing that people have a desire to smash is	potatoes.
one thing that people have a desire to smash is	eggs.
one thing people go to that might be sold out is	concert.
one thing people go to that might be sold out is	movies.
one thing people go to that might be sold out is	sports event.
one thing people go to that might be sold out is	theatre.
one thing people go to that might be sold out is	musical.
one thing you might find out about a city that would make you change your plans to visit is	crime rate.
one thing you might find out about a city that would make you change your plans to visit is	weather forcast.
one thing you might find out about a city that would make you change your plans to visit is	natural disaster.
one thing you might find out about a city that would make you change your plans to visit is	political conflict.
one thing people drink a lot of in the summer is	lemonade.
one thing people drink a lot of in the summer is	iced tea.
one thing people drink a lot of in the summer is	water.
one thing people drink a lot of in the summer is	beer.
one thing people drink a lot of in the summer is	kool aid.
one type of tv commercial thats usually targeted at men is	beer.
one type of tv commercial thats usually targeted at men is	cologne/aftershave.
one type of tv commercial thats usually targeted at men is	razors.
one type of tv commercial thats usually targeted at men is	deodorant.
one type of tv commercial thats usually targeted at men is	car.
one person you have a very hard time saying no to is	kids.
one person you have a very hard time saying no to is	parent.
one person you have a very hard time saying no to is	partner.
one person you have a very hard time saying no to is	boss.
one thing a man might put in his hair is	gel.
one thing a man might put in his hair is	mousse.
one thing a man might put in his hair is	grease.
one thing a man might put in his hair is	shampoo.
one thing a man might put in his hair is	hair spray.
one thing a man might put in his hair is	dye.
one thing a man might put in his hair is	oil.
one thing a man might put in his hair is	texturizer.
one thing you expect to see when you watch the academy awards is	movie stars.
one thing you expect to see when you watch the academy awards is	designer clothes.
one thing you expect to see when you watch the academy awards is	acceptance speeches.
one thing you expect to see when you watch the academy awards is	red carpet.
one thing you expect to see when you watch the academy awards is	fans.
one thing you expect to see when you watch the academy awards is	bad dance numbers.
one thing you expect to see when you watch the academy awards is	musicians.
one thing you've ridden on only a handful of times in your life is	horse.
one thing you've ridden on only a handful of times in your life is	airplane.
one thing you've ridden on only a handful of times in your life is	roller coaster.
one thing you've ridden on only a handful of times in your life is	motorcycle.
one thing you've ridden on only a handful of times in your life is	train.
one thing you may do if you were trying to woo a cowboy is	ride a horse.
one thing you may do if you were trying to woo a cowboy is	ride in rodeo.
one thing you may do if you were trying to woo a cowboy is	wear boots.
one thing you may do if you were trying to woo a cowboy is	lasso him.
one thing you may do if you were trying to woo a cowboy is	use cowboy slang.
one thing you may do if you were trying to woo a cowboy is	wear cowboy hat.
one type of oil people never put on food is	motor.
one type of oil people never put on food is	mineral.
one occupation where you could get away with reading on the job is	librarian.
one occupation where you could get away with reading on the job is	writer/ editor.
one occupation where you could get away with reading on the job is	teacher.
one occupation where you could get away with reading on the job is	secretary.
one occupation where you could get away with reading on the job is	security guard.
one jelly bean flavor is	cherry.
one jelly bean flavor is	licorice.
one jelly bean flavor is	lemon.
one jelly bean flavor is	strawberry.
one jelly bean flavor is	orange.
one jelly bean flavor is	grape.
one jelly bean flavor is	watermelon.
one language spoken in europe is	french.
one language spoken in europe is	english.
one language spoken in europe is	spanish.
one language spoken in europe is	german.
one language spoken in europe is	italian.
one place in your house that you don't bother decorating is	bathroom.
one place in your house that you don't bother decorating is	closet.
one place in your house that you don't bother decorating is	basement.
one place in your house that you don't bother decorating is	garage.
one place in your house that you don't bother decorating is	laundry room.
one place in your house that you don't bother decorating is	attic.
one thing that grows without being watered is	hair.
one thing that grows without being watered is	weeds.
one thing that grows without being watered is	cactus.
one thing that grows without being watered is	people.
one thing that grows without being watered is	nails.
one thing boy scouts and girl scouts both learn to do is	start fire.
one thing boy scouts and girl scouts both learn to do is	door to door sales.
one thing boy scouts and girl scouts both learn to do is	camp.
one thing boy scouts and girl scouts both learn to do is	community service.
one thing boy scouts and girl scouts both learn to do is	first aid.
one sport that takes place in the water is	water polo.
one sport that takes place in the water is	swimming.
one sport that takes place in the water is	water ski.
one sport that takes place in the water is	marco polo.
one sport that takes place in the water is	diving.
one sport that takes place in the water is	sailing.
one word men use to mean friend is	buddy.
one word men use to mean friend is	bro.
one word men use to mean friend is	pal.
one word men use to mean friend is	dude.
one word men use to mean friend is	mate.
one word men use to mean friend is	chum.
one kind of tree that would look silly to have as a christmas tree is	oak tree.
one kind of tree that would look silly to have as a christmas tree is	palm tree.
one kind of tree that would look silly to have as a christmas tree is	maple tree.
one kind of tree that would look silly to have as a christmas tree is	fruit tree.
one thing you use to cover up bad smells in your house is	air freshener.
one thing you use to cover up bad smells in your house is	candles.
one thing you use to cover up bad smells in your house is	perfume.
one thing you use to cover up bad smells in your house is	incense.
one thing you use to cover up bad smells in your house is	baking soda.
one thing people proudly share on facebook is	pictures.
one thing people proudly share on facebook is	info. on kids.
one thing people proudly share on facebook is	age.
one thing people proudly share on facebook is	real name.
one thing people proudly share on facebook is	relationship status.
one thing people proudly share on facebook is	who friends are.
one thing you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride is	trees.
one thing you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride is	vehicles.
one thing you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride is	fields.
one thing you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride is	cows.
one thing you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride is	road.
one thing you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride is	billboards.
one thing you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride is	mountains.
the most stressful holiday is	christmas.
the most stressful holiday is	thanksgiving.
one thing you'd be turned off to hear your date bragging about is	their wealth.
one thing you'd be turned off to hear your date bragging about is	their conquests.
one thing you'd be turned off to hear your date bragging about is	their looks.
one thing you'd be turned off to hear your date bragging about is	their job.
one thing you'd be turned off to hear your date bragging about is	their education.
one thing you'd be turned off to hear your date bragging about is	their car.
one thing teens should have to promise never to do before getting a cell phone is	talk while driving.
one thing teens should have to promise never to do before getting a cell phone is	prank call.
one thing teens should have to promise never to do before getting a cell phone is	go over minutes.
one thing teens should have to promise never to do before getting a cell phone is	send dirty texts.
one occasion where itd be embarrassing to show up empty handed is	wedding.
one occasion where itd be embarrassing to show up empty handed is	birthday.
one occasion where itd be embarrassing to show up empty handed is	christmas.
one occasion where itd be embarrassing to show up empty handed is	baby shower.
one thing a pro athlete might do to prepare for a game is	stretch.
one thing a pro athlete might do to prepare for a game is	warm up.
one thing a pro athlete might do to prepare for a game is	meditate.
one thing a pro athlete might do to prepare for a game is	eat well.
one thing a pro athlete might do to prepare for a game is	plenty of sleep.
one thing that godzilla would crush at disneyworld is	bambi.
one thing that godzilla would crush at disneyworld is	mickey mouse.
one thing that godzilla would crush at disneyworld is	castle.
one thing that godzilla would crush at disneyworld is	people.
one thing that godzilla would crush at disneyworld is	epcot center.
one thing that godzilla would crush at disneyworld is	space mountain.
one thing that godzilla would crush at disneyworld is	tea cups.
one animal that you commonly see at the circus is	elephant.
one animal that you commonly see at the circus is	lion.
one animal that you commonly see at the circus is	tiger.
one animal that you commonly see at the circus is	monkey.
one animal that you commonly see at the circus is	pony.
one animal that you commonly see at the circus is	bear.
one thing permanent on a criminals skin that police use to be sure theyve got their man is	tattoo.
one thing permanent on a criminals skin that police use to be sure theyve got their man is	fingerprint.
one thing permanent on a criminals skin that police use to be sure theyve got their man is	scar.
one thing permanent on a criminals skin that police use to be sure theyve got their man is	birthmark.
one thing an impatient person might do while waiting in line is	complain.
one thing an impatient person might do while waiting in line is	tap foot.
one thing an impatient person might do while waiting in line is	yell.
one thing an impatient person might do while waiting in line is	bite nails.
one thing an impatient person might do while waiting in line is	swear.
one thing an impatient person might do while waiting in line is	sigh/moan.
one thing you dont want the person next to you to do while youre eating is	pass gas.
one thing you dont want the person next to you to do while youre eating is	sneeze.
one thing you dont want the person next to you to do while youre eating is	smoke.
one thing you dont want the person next to you to do while youre eating is	blow nose.
one thing you dont want the person next to you to do while youre eating is	cough.
one profession youd shoot for if you wanted to be famous is	actor.
one profession youd shoot for if you wanted to be famous is	musician.
one profession youd shoot for if you wanted to be famous is	model.
one profession youd shoot for if you wanted to be famous is	politition.
one profession youd shoot for if you wanted to be famous is	athlete.
one thing people have in their cars that santa might like to have in his sleigh is	heater.
one thing people have in their cars that santa might like to have in his sleigh is	radio.
one food that is better when it is crisp is	french fries.
one food that is better when it is crisp is	potato chips.
one thing you do when your toilet overflows is	use plunger.
one thing you do when your toilet overflows is	call plumber.
one thing you do when your toilet overflows is	yell.
one thing you do when your toilet overflows is	turn off water.
one thing you do when your toilet overflows is	panic.
one thing you do when your toilet overflows is	throw towel on.
one children's story that has the word "three" in the title is	three little pigs.
one children's story that has the word "three" in the title is	three blind mice.
one person you would be embarrassed to swear in front of is	parents.
one person you would be embarrassed to swear in front of is	grandparents.
one thing you need to play scrabble is	letters.
one thing you need to play scrabble is	board.
one thing besides books that a student might carry in their backpack is	send us your answers!.
one thing besides books that a student might carry in their backpack is	pencils.
the one person who is always tough to choose a gift for is	parents.
the one person who is always tough to choose a gift for is	spouse.
the one person who is always tough to choose a gift for is	boyfriend.
one thing specific a mansion has in it that your house doesn't is	pool.
one thing specific a mansion has in it that your house doesn't is	maid.
one thing specific a mansion has in it that your house doesn't is	staircase.
one thing specific a mansion has in it that your house doesn't is	chandelier.
one thing specific a mansion has in it that your house doesn't is	library.
one thing specific a mansion has in it that your house doesn't is	elevator.
one word teenagers use in place of "really great" is	cool.
one word teenagers use in place of "really great" is	super.
one movie with the word "cat" in the title is	cat in the hat.
one movie with the word "cat" in the title is	catwoman.
one movie with the word "cat" in the title is	that darn cat.
one thing you failed miserably at the first time you tried it is	driving.
one thing you failed miserably at the first time you tried it is	riding a bike.
one thing you failed miserably at the first time you tried it is	cooking.
one thing you failed miserably at the first time you tried it is	marriage.
one thing you failed miserably at the first time you tried it is	math.
one thing you might need to get a permit before doing is	driving a car.
one thing you might need to get a permit before doing is	fishing.
one thing people buy at the last minute before thanksgiving is	turkey.
one thing people buy at the last minute before thanksgiving is	talk.
one reason the americans have less money to spend on christmas this year is	gas prices.
one reason the americans have less money to spend on christmas this year is	inflation.
one reason the americans have less money to spend on christmas this year is	economy.
one reason the americans have less money to spend on christmas this year is	taxes.
one fruit or vegetable bartenders use is	lemon.
one fruit or vegetable bartenders use is	grapes.
one type of vehicles that's really long is	limo.
one type of vehicles that's really long is	bus.
one place on the human body where people will find the most unwanted hair is	underarm.
one place on the human body where people will find the most unwanted hair is	back.
one thing you'd see at a thrift store is	clothing.
one thing you'd see at a thrift store is	toys.
one thing you'd see at a thrift store is	furniture.
one company that everyone wishes they'd bought stock in is	microsoft.
one company that everyone wishes they'd bought stock in is	google.
one company that everyone wishes they'd bought stock in is	at&t.
one company that everyone wishes they'd bought stock in is	ibm.
one company that everyone wishes they'd bought stock in is	starbucks.
one thing you crave on a daily basis is	chocolate.
one thing you crave on a daily basis is	coffee.
one thing you crave on a daily basis is	ice cream.
one thing you crave on a daily basis is	soft drink.
one thing you crave on a daily basis is	love.
one thing you crave on a daily basis is	food.
one thing that just doesn't taste right without salt is	potatoes/fries.
one thing that just doesn't taste right without salt is	corn/popcorn.
one thing that just doesn't taste right without salt is	chips.
one thing that just doesn't taste right without salt is	chicken.
one specific food you should not eat on a queasy stomach is	seafood.
one specific food you should not eat on a queasy stomach is	pizza.
one specific food you should not eat on a queasy stomach is	hamburgers.
one specific food you should not eat on a queasy stomach is	milk.
one specific food you should not eat on a queasy stomach is	tacos.
one specific food you should not eat on a queasy stomach is	ice cream.
one thing that some people refrigerate and some people don't is	ketchup.
one thing that some people refrigerate and some people don't is	bread.
one thing that some people refrigerate and some people don't is	fruit.
one thing that some people refrigerate and some people don't is	peanut butter.
one thing you might find under people's beds is	shoes.
one thing you might find under people's beds is	clothes.
one occasion for which you might rehearse a phone call before making it is	date.
one occasion for which you might rehearse a phone call before making it is	job interview.
one person you might ask directions from while driving is	gas station attendant.
one person you might ask directions from while driving is	passenger.
one place cars line up to get in is	car wash.
one place cars line up to get in is	gas station.
one place cars line up to get in is	drive through.
one thing a student might get in trouble for is	send us your answers!.
one thing a student might get in trouble for is	cheating.
one place where strangers become fast friends is	bar.
one place where strangers become fast friends is	the internet.
one place where strangers become fast friends is	work.
one place where strangers become fast friends is	church.
one place where strangers become fast friends is	vacation.
one place where strangers become fast friends is	sporting event.
one job where you may study dna is	scientist.
one job where you may study dna is	detective.
one personal possession that you might keep on your desk at work is	send us your answers!.
one personal possession that you might keep on your desk at work is	pictures.
one kind of workman everybody complains about is	plumber.
one kind of workman everybody complains about is	construction.
one kind of workman everybody complains about is	sanitation worker.
one kind of workman everybody complains about is	police officer.
one kind of workman everybody complains about is	tv repair person.
one kind of workman everybody complains about is	mail carrier.
one thing people break off is	engagement.
one thing people break off is	relationships.
one thing people break off is	fingernails.
one thing people break off is	tree branches.
one thing people break off is	friendship.
one thing you never leave the house without is	send us your answers!.
one thing you never leave the house without is	keys.
one activity that's hard to do when you have a stiff neck is	driving.
one activity that's hard to do when you have a stiff neck is	exercise.
one activity that's hard to do when you have a stiff neck is	turning head.
one activity that's hard to do when you have a stiff neck is	watching movie.
the holiday people gan the most weight after is	thanksgiving.
the holiday people gan the most weight after is	christmas.
one word kids hate their parents to use is	no.
one word kids hate their parents to use is	grounded.
one word kids hate their parents to use is	cool.
one word kids hate their parents to use is	swear words.
one word kids hate their parents to use is	bedtime.
one word kids hate their parents to use is	disappointed.
one women who's not afraid to say what she thinks is	oprah winfrey.
one women who's not afraid to say what she thinks is	hillary clinton.
one women who's not afraid to say what she thinks is	rosie o'donnell.
one women who's not afraid to say what she thinks is	ellen degeneres.
one women who's not afraid to say what she thinks is	sarah palin.
one women who's not afraid to say what she thinks is	barbara walters.
one thing you'd hate to notice about your clothes just after you left the house is	stain.
one thing you'd hate to notice about your clothes just after you left the house is	ripped.
one thing audience members do when they hate a movie is	walk out.
one thing audience members do when they hate a movie is	boo.
one thing a teacher might make a student do during an emergency drill is	leave classroom.
one thing a teacher might make a student do during an emergency drill is	exit building.
one thing a teacher might make a student do during an emergency drill is	line up.
one thing specific a child does to get on santa's naughty list is	fight.
one thing specific a child does to get on santa's naughty list is	tantrum.
one thing your dream house must have is	swimming pool.
one thing your dream house must have is	big/many bathr'ms.
one thing your dream house must have is	jacuzzi.
one thing your dream house must have is	air-conditioning.
one thing your dream house must have is	big kitchen.
one thing your dream house must have is	big yard.
one occupation whose members have a lot of interesting stories to tell is	police officer.
one occupation whose members have a lot of interesting stories to tell is	flight attendant.
one occupation whose members have a lot of interesting stories to tell is	military.
one occupation whose members have a lot of interesting stories to tell is	firefighter.
one occupation whose members have a lot of interesting stories to tell is	actor.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to make a teddy bear is	stuffing.
one thing you'd need if you wanted to make a teddy bear is	fur.
one thing you might get free at a gas station is	matches.
one thing you might get free at a gas station is	car wash.
one thing you might get free at a gas station is	gas bottle.
one thing you might get free at a gas station is	soft drink.
one thing you might get free at a gas station is	coffee.
one thing you might get free at a gas station is	cups.
one thing you might get free at a gas station is	paper towels.
one thing a woman does to change her appearance, that she wants to look natural is	dye hair.
one thing a woman does to change her appearance, that she wants to look natural is	makeup.
one thing a doctor might check during a routine exam is	heart rate.
one thing a doctor might check during a routine exam is	blood pressure.
one thing that some men wear and others don't is	underwear.
one thing that some men wear and others don't is	tie.
one thing that some men wear and others don't is	jewelry/watch.
one thing that some men wear and others don't is	cologne/aft'shave.
one thing that some men wear and others don't is	hat.
one woman who made one giant leap for womankind is	amelia earhart.
one woman who made one giant leap for womankind is	oprah winfrey.
one woman who made one giant leap for womankind is	hillary clinton.
one woman who made one giant leap for womankind is	rosa parks.
one woman who made one giant leap for womankind is	sally ride.
one woman who made one giant leap for womankind is	susan b. anthony.
one thing that gets heated is	water.
one thing that gets heated is	soup.
one thing that gets heated is	griddle.
one thing that gets heated is	coffee.
one thing that gets heated is	house.
one thing that gets heated is	dinner.
one thing that gets heated is	stove.
one career or source of income that makes getting into heaven a "long shot" is	lawyer.
one career or source of income that makes getting into heaven a "long shot" is	politician.
one thing people put in their yards to attract birds is	bird feeder.
one thing people put in their yards to attract birds is	bird house.
one thing that might ruin a ballerina's day while performing on stage is	fall.
one thing that might ruin a ballerina's day while performing on stage is	twist ankle.
one thing you'd hate to discover you'd been sitting on is	gum.
one thing you'd hate to discover you'd been sitting on is	tack.
one thing you'd hate to discover you'd been sitting on is	food.
one thing you'd hate to discover you'd been sitting on is	dog.
one thing you'd hate to discover you'd been sitting on is	wet paint.
one profession in las vegas that makes really good tips is	waitress.
one profession in las vegas that makes really good tips is	dealer.
one thing in nature a poet might write about is	trees.
one thing in nature a poet might write about is	birds.
one thing in nature a poet might write about is	sky.
one thing every judge needs to have is	gavel.
one thing every judge needs to have is	robe.
one thing in an office that drives people crazy when it is not working is	copier.
one thing in an office that drives people crazy when it is not working is	printer.
one thing in an office that drives people crazy when it is not working is	fax machine.
one type of salad people eat at a picnic is	potato.
one type of salad people eat at a picnic is	fruit.
one celebrity who fought the law, but the law won is	o.j. simpson.
one celebrity who fought the law, but the law won is	willie nelson.
one celebrity who fought the law, but the law won is	charlie sheen.
one celebrity who fought the law, but the law won is	martha stewart.
one celebrity who fought the law, but the law won is	robert downe jr..
one celebrity who fought the law, but the law won is	johnny cash.
one thing about which you think it's useless to worry is	weather.
one thing about which you think it's useless to worry is	future.
one thing about which you think it's useless to worry is	money.
one thing about which you think it's useless to worry is	death.
one thing about which you think it's useless to worry is	people's opinion.
one thing about which you think it's useless to worry is	past.
one thing specific a stuntman does is	jumps.
one thing specific a stuntman does is	crashes.
one classic pickup line a guy might use on a girl is	haven'd we met before.
one classic pickup line a guy might use on a girl is	your hot.
one bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs is	doctor.
one bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs is	carpenter.
one bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs is	glass maker.
one bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs is	fine china shop.
one bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs is	food service.
one bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs is	butcher.
one bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs is	chef.
one bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs is	stenographer.
one animal that ruins a farmer's crops is	crow.
one animal that ruins a farmer's crops is	gophers.
one thing a baseball fan might be holding at the game is	ball.
one thing a baseball fan might be holding at the game is	ball glove.
one thing that some people do only on sunday morning is	church.
one thing that some people do only on sunday morning is	brunch.
one thing you'd find at most amusement parks is	roller coaster.
one thing you'd find at most amusement parks is	merry go round.
one romantic movie people like to rent is	gone with the wind.
one romantic movie people like to rent is	casablanca.
one romantic movie people like to rent is	titanic.
one romantic movie people like to rent is	sleepless in seattle.
one romantic movie people like to rent is	pretty woman.
one romantic movie people like to rent is	an officer and a gentlema.
one class you might take if you wanted to go to law school is	political science.
one class you might take if you wanted to go to law school is	english.
one thing you'd see on a coffee table is	book.
one thing you'd see on a coffee table is	magazine.
one thing you'd see on a coffee table is	coaster.
one thing that has flashing lights is	police cars.
one thing that has flashing lights is	send us your answers!.
one word or phrase beginning with the word "snow" is	snowman.
one word or phrase beginning with the word "snow" is	snowflake.
one thing specific you might buy at a lingerie store is	bra.
one thing specific you might buy at a lingerie store is	underwear.
one thing kids play with on the way to school is	ball.
one thing kids play with on the way to school is	toys.
one thing kids play with on the way to school is	friends.
one thing kids play with on the way to school is	bicycle.
one thing kids play with on the way to school is	video game.
one thing kids play with on the way to school is	books.
one place where you see a lot of mirrors is	dressing room.
one place where you see a lot of mirrors is	gym.
one place where you see a lot of mirrors is	bathrooms.
one thing you need to knit a sweater is	yarn.
one thing you need to knit a sweater is	thread.
one thing women talk about with their hairdressers is	men.
one thing women talk about with their hairdressers is	hairstyle.
one fruit that is considered tropical is	pineapple.
one fruit that is considered tropical is	mango.
one thing or one person that has fangs is	send us your answers!.
one thing or one person that has fangs is	vampire.
one thing you're asked to do at the eye doctor's office is	read chart.
one thing you're asked to do at the eye doctor's office is	close one eye.
one card you carry in your wallet in case of an emergency is	credit card.
one card you carry in your wallet in case of an emergency is	insurance card.
one card you carry in your wallet in case of an emergency is	medical alert.
one card you carry in your wallet in case of an emergency is	driver's license.
one card you carry in your wallet in case of an emergency is	aaa.
one card you carry in your wallet in case of an emergency is	atm card.
one thing you'd need if you wanter to look like the grim reaper is	black hood & cape.
one thing you'd need if you wanter to look like the grim reaper is	scythe.
one animal you'd never kiss on the lips is	dog.
one animal you'd never kiss on the lips is	snake.
one animal you'd never kiss on the lips is	monkey.
one animal you'd never kiss on the lips is	pig.
one animal you'd never kiss on the lips is	alligator.
one animal you'd never kiss on the lips is	horse.
one place where people aren't afraid to sing really loud is	place of worship.
one place where people aren't afraid to sing really loud is	concert.
one wild animal you would find living in cities is	rats.
one wild animal you would find living in cities is	raccoon.
one wild animal you would find living in cities is	deer.
one wild animal you would find living in cities is	skunks.
one thing that is found in a burrito is	beans.
one thing that is found in a burrito is	cheese.
one thing a construction worker would hate to forget to bring with him to work is	hard hat.
one thing a construction worker would hate to forget to bring with him to work is	tools.
one holiday that's more fun for adults than kids is	new years.
one holiday that's more fun for adults than kids is	valentine's day.
one thing in your home that has to be replaced every few years is	light bulbs.
one thing in your home that has to be replaced every few years is	carpet.
one thing in your home that has to be replaced every few years is	furniture.
one thing in your home that has to be replaced every few years is	computer.
one thing in your home that has to be replaced every few years is	coffee maker.
one thing in your home that has to be replaced every few years is	bedding.
one thing in your home that has to be replaced every few years is	television.
one thing in your home that has to be replaced every few years is	curtains.
one reason why the speed limit might suddenly go down in one area is	school zone.
one reason why the speed limit might suddenly go down in one area is	town.
one thing you'd see in a restaurant's kitchen is	pots and pans.
one thing you'd see in a restaurant's kitchen is	stove.
one thing you'd see in a restaurant's kitchen is	cooks.
one thing you might find in a garage is	send us your answers!.
one thing you might find in a garage is	car.
one celebrity who doesn't take marriage very seriously is	britney spears.
one celebrity who doesn't take marriage very seriously is	elizabeth taylor.
one celebrity who doesn't take marriage very seriously is	brad pitt.
one celebrity who doesn't take marriage very seriously is	zsa zsa gabor.
one celebrity who doesn't take marriage very seriously is	tom cruise.
one celebrity who doesn't take marriage very seriously is	mel gibson.
one thing you might find at a seance is	crystal ball.
one thing you might find at a seance is	tarot cards.
one thing you might bring to the gym is	towel.
one thing you might bring to the gym is	sneakers.
one thing you might bring to the gym is	gym clothes.
one thing that smells awful when it expires is	send us your answers!.
one thing that smells awful when it expires is	milk.
one place you would go to get a good view is	mountain.
one place you would go to get a good view is	send us your answers!.
one job that requires a tuxedo is	waiter.
one job that requires a tuxedo is	bellhop.
one food that pregnant women supposedly crave is	pickles.
one food that pregnant women supposedly crave is	ice cream.
one reason one person would return a gift is	wrong size.
one reason one person would return a gift is	doesn't like it.
one home appliance that's expensive to replace is	fridge.
one home appliance that's expensive to replace is	oven.
one home appliance that's expensive to replace is	dish washer.
one thing you'd hate to be doing when you hear the call of mother nature is	driving in car.
one thing you'd hate to be doing when you hear the call of mother nature is	sleeping.
one thing you'd hate to be doing when you hear the call of mother nature is	making love.
one thing you'd hate to be doing when you hear the call of mother nature is	on the job.
one reason a family might throw a party is	birthday.
one reason a family might throw a party is	graduation.
one reason a family might throw a party is	anniversary.
one thing old people spend more time doing than young people is	sleeping.
one thing old people spend more time doing than young people is	reading.
one animal that you are surprised that some people keep as a pet is	snake.
one animal that you are surprised that some people keep as a pet is	tiger.
one animal that you are surprised that some people keep as a pet is	monkey.
one animal that you are surprised that some people keep as a pet is	elephant.
one animal that you are surprised that some people keep as a pet is	pig.
one animal that you are surprised that some people keep as a pet is	rat.
one thing somebody might do that would make them a grinch or a scrooge is	not give gifts.
one thing somebody might do that would make them a grinch or a scrooge is	hate christmas.
one food that has a lot of fiber is	cereal.
one food that has a lot of fiber is	bread.
one hot headed celebrity who should enroll in an anger management class is	russell cowe.
one hot headed celebrity who should enroll in an anger management class is	sean penn.
one hot headed celebrity who should enroll in an anger management class is	mel gibson.
one hot headed celebrity who should enroll in an anger management class is	tom cruise.
one hot headed celebrity who should enroll in an anger management class is	naomi campbell.
one hot headed celebrity who should enroll in an anger management class is	john mcenroe.
the prettiest city in the us is	seattle.
the prettiest city in the us is	new york.
the prettiest city in the us is	miami.
the prettiest city in the us is	san francisco.
the prettiest city in the us is	las vegas.
the prettiest city in the us is	charleston.
the prettiest city in the us is	washington dc.
one place you would see one person wearing a towel is	beach.
one place you would see one person wearing a towel is	pool.
one place you would see one person wearing a towel is	bathroom.
one thing you might pretend to be in order to impress one person is	send us your answers!.
one thing you might pretend to be in order to impress one person is	wealthy.
one part of their bodies pregnant women complain about is	back.
one part of their bodies pregnant women complain about is	stomach.
one part of their bodies pregnant women complain about is	feet/ankles.
one part of their bodies pregnant women complain about is	legs.
one reason you might have to evacuate your home is	fire.
one reason you might have to evacuate your home is	flood.
one reason you might have to evacuate your home is	hurricane.
one reason you might have to evacuate your home is	gas leak.
one reason you might have to evacuate your home is	bug infestation.
one thing you'd be embarrassed to find has a hole in it is	pants.
one thing you'd be embarrassed to find has a hole in it is	sock/stocking.
one thing you'd be embarrassed to find has a hole in it is	underwear/panties.
one thing you'd be embarrassed to find has a hole in it is	shoes.
one excuse that a girl gives when she doesn't want to slow dance with a man is	feet hurt.
one excuse that a girl gives when she doesn't want to slow dance with a man is	tired.
one excuse that a girl gives when she doesn't want to slow dance with a man is	can't/won't dance.
one excuse that a girl gives when she doesn't want to slow dance with a man is	headache/ill.
one excuse that a girl gives when she doesn't want to slow dance with a man is	has a boyfriend.
one excuse that a girl gives when she doesn't want to slow dance with a man is	ladies' room.
one kind of test you'd never want to fail is	driving.
one kind of test you'd never want to fail is	medical.
one kind of test you'd never want to fail is	i.q..
one kind of test you'd never want to fail is	school subject.
one kind of test you'd never want to fail is	lie detector.
one kind of test you'd never want to fail is	s.a.t..
one thing that goes by fast is	time.
one thing that goes by fast is	life.
one thing that goes by fast is	train.
one thing that goes by fast is	jet.
one thing that goes by fast is	cars.
one thing that goes by fast is	the weekend.
one reason you'd suspect that your babysitter was actually mary poppins is	umbrella.
one reason you'd suspect that your babysitter was actually mary poppins is	likes to sing.
one reason you'd suspect that your babysitter was actually mary poppins is	british accent.
one reason you'd suspect that your babysitter was actually mary poppins is	same dress.
one thing that would make you freak out if you lost it is	wallet.
one thing that would make you freak out if you lost it is	wedding rings.
one thing that would make you freak out if you lost it is	cell phone.
one thing that would make you freak out if you lost it is	keys.
one thing that would make you freak out if you lost it is	money.
one thing that would make you freak out if you lost it is	child.
one measuring device is	ruler.
one measuring device is	measuring cup.
one measuring device is	tape measure.
one measuring device is	measuring spoon.
one measuring device is	yard stick.
one thing that is bad sportsmanship in golf is	throw club.
one thing that is bad sportsmanship in golf is	talk/make noise.
one thing that is bad sportsmanship in golf is	moving ball.
one thing that is bad sportsmanship in golf is	not count strokes.
one fictional character with the word "old" in their name is	old macdonald.
one fictional character with the word "old" in their name is	old yeller.
one fictional character with the word "old" in their name is	old man river.
one fictional character with the word "old" in their name is	old maid.
one fictional character with the word "old" in their name is	old mother hub'rd.
one fictional character with the word "old" in their name is	old king cole.
one kind of place where people are herded-in like cattle is	concert.
one kind of place where people are herded-in like cattle is	movie.
one kind of place where people are herded-in like cattle is	sports stadium.
one kind of place where people are herded-in like cattle is	subway.
one kind of place where people are herded-in like cattle is	amusement park.
one thing that might be described as steamy is	romance.
one thing that might be described as steamy is	shower.
one thing that might be described as steamy is	sauna.
one thing that might be described as steamy is	movies.
one thing that might be described as steamy is	vegetables.
one thing a teenager might use to cover a hickey on their neck is	makeup.
one thing a teenager might use to cover a hickey on their neck is	scarf.
one thing a teenager might use to cover a hickey on their neck is	turtleneck.
one thing a teenager might use to cover a hickey on their neck is	band-aid.
one thing a teenager might use to cover a hickey on their neck is	collar.
one thing a man owns that he might try to bet in a big poker game is	watch/jewelry.
one thing a man owns that he might try to bet in a big poker game is	car.
one thing a man owns that he might try to bet in a big poker game is	house.
one thing a man owns that he might try to bet in a big poker game is	money.
one thing a man owns that he might try to bet in a big poker game is	the farm.
one thing a man owns that he might try to bet in a big poker game is	playstation.
one word meaning opposite of "athletic" is	lazy.
one word meaning opposite of "athletic" is	clumsy.
one word meaning opposite of "athletic" is	nerd.
one word meaning opposite of "athletic" is	non athletic.
one thing specific you would try to hide if you were in a police line-up is	tattoo.
one thing specific you would try to hide if you were in a police line-up is	eyes.
one thing specific you would try to hide if you were in a police line-up is	scar.
one thing specific you would try to hide if you were in a police line-up is	height.
one thing specific you would try to hide if you were in a police line-up is	hands.
one thing some people claim to have seen that others are skeptical of is	ghosts.
one thing some people claim to have seen that others are skeptical of is	ufos.
one thing some people claim to have seen that others are skeptical of is	monsters.
one thing oprah's fans can't wait for her to do is	give gifts/cars.
one thing oprah's fans can't wait for her to do is	get married.
one thing oprah's fans can't wait for her to do is	book of month.
one thing oprah's fans can't wait for her to do is	lose weight.
one thing oprah's fans can't wait for her to do is	become president.
one thing oprah's fans can't wait for her to do is	have children.
one thing that might have a cherry on or in it is	ice cream sundae.
one thing that might have a cherry on or in it is	cherry pie.
one thing that might have a cherry on or in it is	drink.
one thing that might have a cherry on or in it is	yogurt.
one thing that might have a cherry on or in it is	chocolate covered.
one thing that might have a cherry on or in it is	cake.
one thing that might have a cherry on or in it is	cherries jubilee.
one popular way for people to exercise is	on foot.
one popular way for people to exercise is	hike.
one popular way for people to exercise is	speed walk.
one popular way for people to exercise is	power walk.
one popular way for people to exercise is	stroll.
one popular way for people to exercise is	trek.
one popular way for people to exercise is	walk.
one popular way for people to exercise is	amble.
one popular way for people to exercise is	run.
one popular way for people to exercise is	jog.
one popular way for people to exercise is	sprint.
one popular way for people to exercise is	aerobics.
one popular way for people to exercise is	fitaerobics.
one popular way for people to exercise is	riding bike.
one popular way for people to exercise is	cycling.
one popular way for people to exercise is	biking.
one popular way for people to exercise is	free weights.
one popular way for people to exercise is	dumbbells.
one popular way for people to exercise is	barbells.
one popular way for people to exercise is	weights.
one thing in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave is	utensils.
one thing in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave is	dishware.
one thing in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave is	table.
one thing in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave is	chef.
one thing in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave is	kitchen.
one thing in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave is	food.
one thing in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave is	washroom.
one us state where cows might outnumber people is	texas.
one us state where cows might outnumber people is	wisconsin.
one us state where cows might outnumber people is	montana.
one us state where cows might outnumber people is	wyoming.
one us state where cows might outnumber people is	iowa.
one us state where cows might outnumber people is	oklahoma.
one thing men obsess about is	cars.
one thing men obsess about is	money.
one thing men obsess about is	hair loss.
one thing men obsess about is	looks.
one thing men obsess about is	sports.
one thing men obsess about is	bodies.
one thing you push is	cart.
one thing you push is	baby stroller.
one thing you push is	vacuum.
one thing you push is	lawn mower.
one thing that people do at midnight on new year's eve is	kiss.
one thing that people do at midnight on new year's eve is	drink/toast.
one thing that people do at midnight on new year's eve is	yell happy new year.
one thing that people do at midnight on new year's eve is	blow horns.
one thing you'd expect to see on the streets at christmas time is	lights.
one thing you'd expect to see on the streets at christmas time is	christmas trees.
one thing you'd expect to see on the streets at christmas time is	santa.
one thing you'd expect to see on the streets at christmas time is	salvation army.
one thing you'd expect to see on the streets at christmas time is	snow.
one souvenir people buy at disneyland is	hats.
one souvenir people buy at disneyland is	t-shirt.
one souvenir people buy at disneyland is	key chain.
one souvenir people buy at disneyland is	character doll.
one souvenir people buy at disneyland is	snow globes.
one occupation where telling lies is all in a day's work is	politician.
one occupation where telling lies is all in a day's work is	lawyer.
one occupation where telling lies is all in a day's work is	sales.
one occupation where telling lies is all in a day's work is	telemarketer.
one occupation where telling lies is all in a day's work is	cia agent.
one occupation where telling lies is all in a day's work is	reporter.
one thing you only use in the summer is	swimsuit.
one thing you only use in the summer is	swimming pool.
one thing you only use in the summer is	sunscreen.
one thing you only use in the summer is	air conditioner.
one thing you only use in the summer is	grill.
one sport where you see players behaving badly is	hockey.
one sport where you see players behaving badly is	football.
one sport where you see players behaving badly is	basketball.
one sport where you see players behaving badly is	baseball.
one sport where you see players behaving badly is	soccer.
one sport where you see players behaving badly is	wrestling.
one reason why your partner might come home in a bad mood is	bad day at work.
one reason why your partner might come home in a bad mood is	lost job.
one thing you wash in a sink is	dishes.
one thing you wash in a sink is	pantyhose.
one thing you wash in a sink is	hands.
one thing you wash in a sink is	lingerie.
one thing a man might wear only on special occasions is	suit.
one thing a man might wear only on special occasions is	tie.
one thing that turns people into grouches if they try to go too long without it is	food/coffee.
one thing that turns people into grouches if they try to go too long without it is	cigarettes.
one thing that turns people into grouches if they try to go too long without it is	sex.
one thing that turns people into grouches if they try to go too long without it is	sleep.
one thing you'd rather get than give is	money.
one thing you'd rather get than give is	advice.
one thing you'd rather get than give is	jewlery.
one thing you'd rather get than give is	gifts.
one thing you'd rather get than give is	new car.
one thing you'd rather get than give is	love.
one thing big sisters teach little sisters how to do is	makeup.
one thing big sisters teach little sisters how to do is	fix hair.
one thing big sisters teach little sisters how to do is	date.
one thing big sisters teach little sisters how to do is	kiss.
one thing big sisters teach little sisters how to do is	cook.
one thing big sisters teach little sisters how to do is	dress.
one thing that people are sometimes said to be under is	the weather.
one thing that people are sometimes said to be under is	pressure/stress.
one thing that people are sometimes said to be under is	the influence.
one thing that people are sometimes said to be under is	a spell.
one part of your body that you can cross is	legs.
one part of your body that you can cross is	arms.
one part of your body that you can cross is	fingers.
one part of your body that you can cross is	heart.
one part of your body that you can cross is	eyes.
one thing you might see at hogwarts is	harry potter.
one thing you might see at hogwarts is	ghosts.
one thing you might see at hogwarts is	wizards.
one thing you might see at hogwarts is	magic.
one thing you might see at hogwarts is	wands.
one thing you might see at hogwarts is	owls.
one thing a father and son might spend the day doing together is	fishing.
one thing a father and son might spend the day doing together is	playing ball.
one thing a father and son might spend the day doing together is	hunting.
one thing a father and son might spend the day doing together is	watching sports.
one children's story featuring a witch is	hansel and gretel.
one children's story featuring a witch is	wizard of oz.
one children's story featuring a witch is	snow white.
one children's story featuring a witch is	sleeping beauty.
one thing you find in a bowl is	fruit.
one thing you find in a bowl is	fish.
one thing you find in a bowl is	cereal.
one thing you find in a bowl is	soup.
one thing you find in a bowl is	pasta.
one thing you find in a bowl is	salad.
one reason why a person might wear a hat is	bad hair day.
one reason why a person might wear a hat is	cold weather.
one reason why a person might wear a hat is	bald.
one reason why a person might wear a hat is	block sun.
one reason why a person might wear a hat is	rain.
one thing you'd never sell even if you were flat broke is	ring/jewelry.
one thing you'd never sell even if you were flat broke is	my body.
one thing you'd never sell even if you were flat broke is	drugs.
one thing you'd never sell even if you were flat broke is	my house.
one thing you'd never sell even if you were flat broke is	my car.
one thing you'd never sell even if you were flat broke is	my immortal soul.
one thing you'd never sell even if you were flat broke is	my children.
one actor who has won an oscar is	denzel washington.
one actor who has won an oscar is	tom hanks.
one actor who has won an oscar is	robert de niro.
one actor who has won an oscar is	jack nicholson.
one actor who has won an oscar is	clint eastwood.
one occupation of one person who might ask you to lie down is	doctors.
one occupation of one person who might ask you to lie down is	psychiatrist.
one occupation of one person who might ask you to lie down is	chiropractor.
one occupation of one person who might ask you to lie down is	massage therapist.
one occupation of one person who might ask you to lie down is	nurse.
one person you think has it all is	oprah winfrey.
one person you think has it all is	barbie.
one person you think has it all is	jennifer aniston.
one person you think has it all is	bill gates.
one thing found outdoors that people might collect is	rocks.
one thing found outdoors that people might collect is	sea shells.
one thing found outdoors that people might collect is	butterflies.
one thing found outdoors that people might collect is	leaf.
one thing found outdoors that people might collect is	flower.
one famous couple you knew would have problems is	brad and angelina.
one famous couple you knew would have problems is	romeo and juliet.
one famous couple you knew would have problems is	bonnie and clyde.
one famous couple you knew would have problems is	whitney and bobby.
one thing many people have trouble keeping is	money.
one thing many people have trouble keeping is	secrets.
one thing many people have trouble keeping is	promises.
one thing many people have trouble keeping is	spouse.
one thing many people have trouble keeping is	job.
one thing many people have trouble keeping is	track of time.
one thing campers hate to find in their sleeping bag is	snake.
one thing campers hate to find in their sleeping bag is	spider.
one thing campers hate to find in their sleeping bag is	skunk.
one thing campers hate to find in their sleeping bag is	sand.
one thing campers hate to find in their sleeping bag is	glass.
one thing people have second thoughts about after they decide to do it is	getting married.
one thing people have second thoughts about after they decide to do it is	buying a house.
one thing people have second thoughts about after they decide to do it is	having a fling.
one thing people have second thoughts about after they decide to do it is	buying a car.
one thing people put on their teeth is	toothpaste.
one thing people put on their teeth is	braces.
one thing people put on their teeth is	whitener.
one thing people put on their teeth is	caps.
one us state that gets a lot of sunshine is	florida.
one us state that gets a lot of sunshine is	california.
one us state that gets a lot of sunshine is	arizona.
one us state that gets a lot of sunshine is	texas.
one thing a student probably would not want to attempt the first day of driving school is	parallel parking.
one thing a student probably would not want to attempt the first day of driving school is	speeding.
one thing a student probably would not want to attempt the first day of driving school is	highway.
one thing a student probably would not want to attempt the first day of driving school is	u-turn.
one thing a student probably would not want to attempt the first day of driving school is	driving.
one thing a student probably would not want to attempt the first day of driving school is	reversing.
one tv show that had a famous theme song is	bonanza.
one tv show that had a famous theme song is	jeopardy.
one tv show that had a famous theme song is	cheers.
one tv show that had a famous theme song is	mash.
one tv show that had a famous theme song is	friends.
one tv show that had a famous theme song is	bunch.
one tv show that had a famous theme song is	brady bunch.
one tv show that had a famous theme song is	the brady bunch.
one tv show that had a famous theme song is	days.
one tv show that had a famous theme song is	happy days.
one thing you can't do when it is cold outside is	swimming.
one thing you can't do when it is cold outside is	sun tan.
one thing you can't do when it is cold outside is	wear shorts.
one thing you can't do when it is cold outside is	gardening.
one thing new parents might be afraid to do for the first time is	change diaper.
one thing new parents might be afraid to do for the first time is	hold baby.
one thing new parents might be afraid to do for the first time is	feed baby.
one thing new parents might be afraid to do for the first time is	bathe baby.
one thing new parents might be afraid to do for the first time is	go out.
one thing that gets carved is	pumpkins.
one thing that gets carved is	turkey.
one thing that gets carved is	wood.
one thing that gets carved is	initials.
one thing that gets carved is	stone.
one thing that gets carved is	ice.
one thing that gets carved is	roast.
one pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house is	snakes.
one pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house is	rats.
one pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house is	mice.
one pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house is	cat.
one pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house is	lizard.
one pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house is	piranha.
one pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house is	pigs.
one thing that has caused almost everyone to be late for work is	overslept/alarm.
one thing that has caused almost everyone to be late for work is	traffic/accident.
one thing that has caused almost everyone to be late for work is	car trouble.
one thing that has caused almost everyone to be late for work is	bad weather.
one thing that has caused almost everyone to be late for work is	phone call.
one thing that has caused almost everyone to be late for work is	problem w/ kids.
one thing you'd hate to call by the wrong name is	spouse.
one thing you'd hate to call by the wrong name is	friend.
one thing you'd hate to call by the wrong name is	boss.
one thing you'd hate to call by the wrong name is	pastor.
one thing you'd hate to call by the wrong name is	mother-in-law.
one thing you'd hate to call by the wrong name is	children.
one thing that makes mammals more unique than other animals is	warm bloded.
one thing that makes mammals more unique than other animals is	live birth.
one thing that makes mammals more unique than other animals is	hair for fur.
one thing that makes mammals more unique than other animals is	produce milk.
one thing that makes mammals more unique than other animals is	internal gestation.
one food you would find on a shish kebab is	beef.
one food you would find on a shish kebab is	bell peppers.
one food you would find on a shish kebab is	tomatoes.
one food you would find on a shish kebab is	onion.
one food you would find on a shish kebab is	chicken.
one food you would find on a shish kebab is	lamb.
one sign a little kid has been in a fight is	blackeye.
one sign a little kid has been in a fight is	crying.
one sign a little kid has been in a fight is	bloody nose.
one sign a little kid has been in a fight is	scratches.
one sign a little kid has been in a fight is	clothes ripped.
one sign a little kid has been in a fight is	dirty pants.
one thing you look for in a potential spouse is	trust worthy.
one thing you look for in a potential spouse is	sense of humor.
one thing you look for in a potential spouse is	kindness.
one thing you look for in a potential spouse is	loving.
one thing you look for in a potential spouse is	personality.
one thing you look for in a potential spouse is	money.
one thing you look for in a potential spouse is	looks.
one thing you look for in a potential spouse is	profession.
one thing you might take a motion sickness pill before doing is	flying.
one thing you might take a motion sickness pill before doing is	boating.
one thing you might take a motion sickness pill before doing is	driving.
one thing you might take a motion sickness pill before doing is	travelling.
one thing that attaches to a camera is	lens.
one thing that attaches to a camera is	flash.
one popular tattoo that you'd be shocked to see on a tough mob boss is	heart.
one popular tattoo that you'd be shocked to see on a tough mob boss is	flower.
one popular tattoo that you'd be shocked to see on a tough mob boss is	mom.
one popular tattoo that you'd be shocked to see on a tough mob boss is	butterfly.
one popular tattoo that you'd be shocked to see on a tough mob boss is	angel.
one popular tattoo that you'd be shocked to see on a tough mob boss is	fairy.
one thing you could buy for a dollar is	candy.
one thing you could buy for a dollar is	soda pop.
one thing you could buy for a dollar is	gum.
one thing you could buy for a dollar is	hamburger.
one thing you could buy for a dollar is	newspaper.
one reason why your eyes might water up is	chopping onions.
one reason why your eyes might water up is	crying.
one reason why your eyes might water up is	allergies.
one reason why your eyes might water up is	sad.
one reason why your eyes might water up is	dirt in eyes.
one reason why your eyes might water up is	cold weather.
one place people like to bring a camera is	trip.
one place people like to bring a camera is	vacation.
one place people like to bring a camera is	zoo.
one place people like to bring a camera is	sporting event.
one place people like to bring a camera is	amusement park.
one place people like to bring a camera is	party.
one place people like to bring a camera is	wedding.
one place people like to bring a camera is	beach.
one place people like to bring a camera is	graduation.
one thing parents and teens have huge power struggles about is	curfew.
one thing parents and teens have huge power struggles about is	car.
one thing parents and teens have huge power struggles about is	money.
one thing parents and teens have huge power struggles about is	drugs.
one thing parents and teens have huge power struggles about is	sex/dating.
one thing parents and teens have huge power struggles about is	privacy.
one sport a lot of people bet on is	horse racing.
one sport a lot of people bet on is	football.
one sport a lot of people bet on is	boxing.
one sport a lot of people bet on is	dog racing.
the worst place to celebrate valentine's day is	jail.
the worst place to celebrate valentine's day is	at home.
the worst place to celebrate valentine's day is	at work.
the worst place to celebrate valentine's day is	hospital.
the worst place to celebrate valentine's day is	bars.
one hairy animal a bald man might train to sit on his head is	monkey.
one hairy animal a bald man might train to sit on his head is	cat.
one hairy animal a bald man might train to sit on his head is	dog.
one hairy animal a bald man might train to sit on his head is	raccoon.
one hairy animal a bald man might train to sit on his head is	ferret.
one hairy animal a bald man might train to sit on his head is	beaver.
one modern convenience most teenagers think they couldn't live without is	cell phone/phone.
one modern convenience most teenagers think they couldn't live without is	computer/internet.
one modern convenience most teenagers think they couldn't live without is	television.
one modern convenience most teenagers think they couldn't live without is	car.
one reason a person might call into a radio show is	make request.
one reason a person might call into a radio show is	for prizes.
one reason a person might call into a radio show is	for tickets.
one reason a person might call into a radio show is	win money.
one reason a person might call into a radio show is	contest.
one reason a person might call into a radio show is	dedication.
one reason a person might call into a radio show is	desperate.
one place where it's important for children to sit still is	church.
one place where it's important for children to sit still is	dentist.
one place where it's important for children to sit still is	school.
one place where it's important for children to sit still is	restaurant.
one place where it's important for children to sit still is	barber shop.
one place where it's important for children to sit still is	movie.
one slang term for 'underpants' is	undies.
one slang term for 'underpants' is	knickers.
one slang term for 'underpants' is	pants.
one slang term for 'underpants' is	jocks.
one country in the middle east is	iraq.
one country in the middle east is	iran.
one country in the middle east is	israel.
one country in the middle east is	saudi arabia.
one country in the middle east is	egypt.
one country in the middle east is	afghanistan.
one thing some people postpone doing for as long as possible is	pay bills/taxes.
one thing some people postpone doing for as long as possible is	getting married.
one thing some people postpone doing for as long as possible is	doctor/dentist.
one thing some people postpone doing for as long as possible is	housework.
one thing some people postpone doing for as long as possible is	dying/will.
one thing some people postpone doing for as long as possible is	lose weight/diet.
one thing some people postpone doing for as long as possible is	work/career.
the first thing you would spend money on if you won the lottery is	house.
the first thing you would spend money on if you won the lottery is	car.
the first thing you would spend money on if you won the lottery is	travel.
the first thing you would spend money on if you won the lottery is	debts.
the first thing you would spend money on if you won the lottery is	children.
one thing that school children need to memorize the words to is	pledge/ allegiance.
one thing that school children need to memorize the words to is	national anthem.
one thing that school children need to memorize the words to is	abc song.
one popular dish made with ground meat is	meatloaf.
one popular dish made with ground meat is	spaghetti.
one popular dish made with ground meat is	taco.
one popular dish made with ground meat is	sloppy joes.
one popular dish made with ground meat is	hamburgers.
one thing that might be stolen from your car is	stereo.
one thing that might be stolen from your car is	gps.
one thing that might be stolen from your car is	cds.
one thing that might be stolen from your car is	money.
one thing that might be stolen from your car is	cell phone.
one thing that might be stolen from your car is	laptop.
one thing you have to watch out for when you're walking down the street is	people/muggers.
one thing you have to watch out for when you're walking down the street is	cars/traffic.
one thing you have to watch out for when you're walking down the street is	dog poop.
one thing you have to watch out for when you're walking down the street is	potholes/cracks.
one thing you have to watch out for when you're walking down the street is	dogs/animals.
one thing kids might collect from the sand on a beach is	shells.
one thing kids might collect from the sand on a beach is	sand.
one thing kids might collect from the sand on a beach is	rocks.
one thing you do not learn at school is	good manners.
one thing you do not learn at school is	common sense.
one thing you do not learn at school is	housework.
one thing you do not learn at school is	religion.
one thing you do not learn at school is	parenting.
one thing you do not learn at school is	walking.
one possession of yours they'd never try to bury you with is	jewelry.
one possession of yours they'd never try to bury you with is	car/truck.
one possession of yours they'd never try to bury you with is	money.
one possession of yours they'd never try to bury you with is	pet.
one possession of yours they'd never try to bury you with is	tv.
one possession of yours they'd never try to bury you with is	computer.
one place where a lot of people wear sunglasses is	beach.
one place where a lot of people wear sunglasses is	california.
one place where a lot of people wear sunglasses is	amusement park.
one place where a lot of people wear sunglasses is	concerts.
one place where a lot of people wear sunglasses is	florida.
one place where a lot of people wear sunglasses is	outside.
one thing you think some people let grow way too long is	hair.
one thing you think some people let grow way too long is	nails.
one thing you think some people let grow way too long is	grass.
one thing you think some people let grow way too long is	ivy.
one thing you might see at a circus is	send us your answers!.
one thing you might see at a circus is	clowns.
one thing you might see at a circus is	cotton candy.
one thing people bungee jump off of is	bridge.
one thing people bungee jump off of is	cliffs.
one thing people bungee jump off of is	buildings.
one thing people bungee jump off of is	mountain.
one thing people bungee jump off of is	tower.
one magazine that gives people tips on improving their sex life is	cosmopolitan.
one magazine that gives people tips on improving their sex life is	playboy.
one magazine that gives people tips on improving their sex life is	people.
one magazine that gives people tips on improving their sex life is	redbook.
one magazine that gives people tips on improving their sex life is	essence.
one magazine that gives people tips on improving their sex life is	ebony.
one thing that happens during most church services is	prayer.
one thing that happens during most church services is	singing.
one thing that happens during most church services is	offering.
one thing that happens during most church services is	sermon.
one thing men lose interest in when they fall in love is	other women.
one thing men lose interest in when they fall in love is	friends.
one thing men lose interest in when they fall in love is	sports.
one thing men lose interest in when they fall in love is	going out.
one thing men lose interest in when they fall in love is	hobbies.
one thing men lose interest in when they fall in love is	appearance.
one instance where two macho men might hug one another is	sporting event.
one instance where two macho men might hug one another is	wedding.
one instance where two macho men might hug one another is	family reunion.
one instance where two macho men might hug one another is	funeral.
one instance where two macho men might hug one another is	new father.
one thing that mothers pass down to their daughters is	jewelry.
one thing that mothers pass down to their daughters is	advice/wisdom.
one thing that mothers pass down to their daughters is	clothes.
one thing that mothers pass down to their daughters is	looks/genes.
one thing that mothers pass down to their daughters is	cooking/recipes.
one thing people like doing when listening to music is	cleaning.
one thing people like doing when listening to music is	exercising.
one thing people like doing when listening to music is	singing.
one thing people like doing when listening to music is	gardening.
one thing people like doing when listening to music is	eating.
one thing people like doing when listening to music is	dancing.
one thing people like doing when listening to music is	driving.
one thing children do at the movies that irritates the older patrons is	talk out loud.
one thing children do at the movies that irritates the older patrons is	cry.
one thing children do at the movies that irritates the older patrons is	scream.
one thing children do at the movies that irritates the older patrons is	run in aisles.
one thing children do at the movies that irritates the older patrons is	throw stuff.
one thing children do at the movies that irritates the older patrons is	kick seats.
one thing that takes you where you want to go is	car.
one thing that takes you where you want to go is	airplane.
one thing that takes you where you want to go is	taxi.
one thing that takes you where you want to go is	bus.
one thing that takes you where you want to go is	train.
one thing that takes you where you want to go is	feet.
one thing that takes you where you want to go is	limousine.
one person who works outdoors is	construction worker.
one person who works outdoors is	gardner.
one person who works outdoors is	farmer.
one person who works outdoors is	forest ranger.
one person who works outdoors is	police officer.
one person who works outdoors is	firefighter.
one person who works outdoors is	game warden.
one animal that can kill with its bite is	snake.
one animal that can kill with its bite is	tiger.
one animal that can kill with its bite is	lion.
one animal that can kill with its bite is	bear.
one animal that can kill with its bite is	shark.
one animal that can kill with its bite is	alligator/croc..
one animal with only three letters in its name is	cat.
one animal with only three letters in its name is	dog.
one animal with only three letters in its name is	pig.
one animal with only three letters in its name is	elk.
one animal with only three letters in its name is	ape.
one person famous who's in jail is	o.j. simpson.
one person famous who's in jail is	bernard mado.
one person famous who's in jail is	charles manson.
one person famous who's in jail is	phil spector.
one person famous who's in jail is	redmond o'neal.
one thing that might be referred to as juicy is	fruit.
one thing that might be referred to as juicy is	gossip/news.
one thing that might be referred to as juicy is	steak/meat.
one thing that might be referred to as juicy is	lips/kiss.
one thing that might be referred to as juicy is	gum.
one thing that might be referred to as juicy is	turkey.
one thing that might be referred to as juicy is	person.
one thing people are always looking for but rarely ever find is	true love.
one thing people are always looking for but rarely ever find is	money.
one thing people are always looking for but rarely ever find is	gold.
one thing people are always looking for but rarely ever find is	happiness.
one place where you get chewed out a lot is	work.
one place where you get chewed out a lot is	school/principal.
one place where you get chewed out a lot is	home/bedroom.
one place where you get chewed out a lot is	doctor's office.
one place where you get chewed out a lot is	in military.
one place where you get chewed out a lot is	court.
one kind of place that's not much fun to go to unless you have a lot of spending money is	casino.
one kind of place that's not much fun to go to unless you have a lot of spending money is	mall.
one kind of place that's not much fun to go to unless you have a lot of spending money is	disney land.
one kind of place that's not much fun to go to unless you have a lot of spending money is	fair.
one kind of place that's not much fun to go to unless you have a lot of spending money is	new york city.
one thing you'd hate to discover had expired is	driver's license.
one thing you'd hate to discover had expired is	milk.
one thing you'd hate to discover had expired is	credit card.
one thing you'd hate to discover had expired is	insurance.
one thing you'd hate to discover had expired is	car registration.
one thing you'd hate to discover had expired is	my own life.
one thing you get rid of when it doesn't work properly is	television.
one thing you get rid of when it doesn't work properly is	pen.
one thing you get rid of when it doesn't work properly is	toaster.
one thing you get rid of when it doesn't work properly is	remote.
one thing you get rid of when it doesn't work properly is	can opener.
one thing you get rid of when it doesn't work properly is	coffee pot.
one thing about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive is	trunk.
one thing about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive is	ears.
one thing about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive is	tusks.
one thing about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive is	size.
one thing about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive is	smell.
one thing about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive is	tail.
one thing about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive is	eyes.
one holiday that is not celebrated in the united states is	cinco de mayo.
one holiday that is not celebrated in the united states is	chinese new year.
one holiday that is not celebrated in the united states is	canada day.
one holiday that is not celebrated in the united states is	day of the dead.
one holiday that is not celebrated in the united states is	bastille day.
one reason you get butterflies in your stomach is	wedding.
one reason you get butterflies in your stomach is	going on a date.
one reason you get butterflies in your stomach is	job interview.
one reason you get butterflies in your stomach is	public speaking.
one reason you get butterflies in your stomach is	roller coaster.
one thing babies do many times a day is	cry.
one thing babies do many times a day is	poop/diaper.
one thing babies do many times a day is	eat.
one thing babies do many times a day is	sleep.
one thing people try to sneak a peek through is	windows.
one thing people try to sneak a peek through is	presents.
one thing people try to sneak a peek through is	key holes.
one thing people try to sneak a peek through is	curtains.
one hobby a retiree might have is	golfing.
one hobby a retiree might have is	fishing.
one hobby a retiree might have is	gardening.
one hobby a retiree might have is	bingo.
one hobby a retiree might have is	knitting.
one fruit that people can cook is	apples.
one fruit that people can cook is	tomatoes.
one fruit that people can cook is	pineapples.
one fruit that people can cook is	bananas.
one fruit that people can cook is	peaches.
one thing women like to watch men do is	play sports.
one thing women like to watch men do is	exercise/swim.
one thing women like to watch men do is	housework/chores.
one thing women like to watch men do is	shave.
one thing women like to watch men do is	dance.
one rock star who's older than the president of the united states is	mick jagger.
one rock star who's older than the president of the united states is	tina turner.
one rock star who's older than the president of the united states is	steven tyler.
one rock star who's older than the president of the united states is	ozzy osbourne.
one rock star who's older than the president of the united states is	paul mccartney.
one thing santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh is	planes.
one thing santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh is	birds.
one thing santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh is	power lines.
one thing santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh is	clouds.
one thing santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh is	chimneys.
one thing santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh is	trees.
one thing santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh is	meteors.
one thing santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh is	building.
one sport you might play on a summer day is	baseball.
one sport you might play on a summer day is	football.
one sport you might play on a summer day is	volleyball.
one sport you might play on a summer day is	tennis.
one sport you might play on a summer day is	basketball.
one sport you might play on a summer day is	golf.
one sport you might play on a summer day is	soccer.
one thing you'd skip if you were late for work is	breakfast/coffee.
one thing you'd skip if you were late for work is	taking shower.
one thing you'd skip if you were late for work is	answering phone.
one thing you'd skip if you were late for work is	brushing teeth.
one thing you'd skip if you were late for work is	news/newspaper.
one thing you'd skip if you were late for work is	putting on makeup.
one country known for good-looking men is	united states.
one country known for good-looking men is	italy.
one country known for good-looking men is	france.
one country known for good-looking men is	sweden.
one country known for good-looking men is	spain.
one country known for good-looking men is	mexico.
one thing people hate to find in their house is	bugs.
one thing people hate to find in their house is	mice.
one thing people hate to find in their house is	burglar.
one thing people hate to find in their house is	dirt.
one thing people hate to find in their house is	trash.
one thing people hate to find in their house is	animal droppings.
one thing kids and their parents usually don't share the same taste in is	music.
one thing kids and their parents usually don't share the same taste in is	clothes.
one thing kids and their parents usually don't share the same taste in is	food.
one thing kids and their parents usually don't share the same taste in is	tv shows.
one thing kids and their parents usually don't share the same taste in is	movies.
one wild animal found in the us is	bears.
one wild animal found in the us is	wolves.
one wild animal found in the us is	mountain lions.
one wild animal found in the us is	deer.
one wild animal found in the us is	foxes.
one genre of music you think a pirate might like is	hip hop.
one genre of music you think a pirate might like is	rock and roll.
one genre of music you think a pirate might like is	country.
one genre of music you think a pirate might like is	jazz.
one genre of music you think a pirate might like is	pop.
one genre of music you think a pirate might like is	heavy metal.
one place you see more kids than adults is	school.
one place you see more kids than adults is	park.
one place you see more kids than adults is	video arcade.
one place you see more kids than adults is	amusement park.
one place you see more kids than adults is	concerts.
one place you see more kids than adults is	swimming pool.
one place you see more kids than adults is	circus.
one place you see more kids than adults is	movie theater.
one place you see more kids than adults is	skating rink.
one thing little boys pretend to be is	cowboys.
one thing little boys pretend to be is	police.
one thing little boys pretend to be is	firefighters.
one thing little boys pretend to be is	superman.
one thing little boys pretend to be is	soldiers.
one thing little boys pretend to be is	their fathers.
one thing little boys pretend to be is	astronauts.
one thing little boys pretend to be is	athletes.
one kind of key teenagers have is	house.
one kind of key teenagers have is	car.
one kind of key teenagers have is	locker.
one kind of key teenagers have is	diary.
one thing people look forward to a change of is	weather.
one thing people look forward to a change of is	season.
one thing people look forward to a change of is	scenery.
one thing people look forward to a change of is	job.
one thing people look forward to a change of is	president.
one thing people look forward to a change of is	pace.
one thing people look forward to a change of is	finances.
one thing people look forward to a change of is	clothes.
one public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose is	restroom.
one public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose is	bar.
one public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose is	library.
one public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose is	fast food restaurant.
one public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose is	workplace.
one public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose is	mall.
one public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose is	sports game.
one thing specific you'd hate to find mold on is	food/milk.
one thing specific you'd hate to find mold on is	your body.
one thing specific you'd hate to find mold on is	bathtub/tiles.
one thing specific you'd hate to find mold on is	clothes.
one thing specific you'd hate to find mold on is	walls.
one foreign country whose films are popular in america is	france.
one foreign country whose films are popular in america is	england.
one foreign country whose films are popular in america is	italy.
one foreign country whose films are popular in america is	japan.
one foreign country whose films are popular in america is	mexico.
one thing that makes strange sounds when it gets old is	car.
one thing that makes strange sounds when it gets old is	person.
one thing that makes strange sounds when it gets old is	refrigerator.
one thing that makes strange sounds when it gets old is	door.
one thing that makes strange sounds when it gets old is	pet.
one thing that happens to you when you get very angry is	yell/shout.
one thing that happens to you when you get very angry is	blood pressure up.
one thing that happens to you when you get very angry is	face turns red.
one thing that happens to you when you get very angry is	cry/tear up.
one thing that happens to you when you get very angry is	quiet/can't speak.
one red fruit is	strawberry.
one red fruit is	cherry.
one red fruit is	pomegranate.
one red fruit is	apple.
one thing in your house you have never cleaned under is	stove/oven.
one thing in your house you have never cleaned under is	refrigerator.
one thing in your house you have never cleaned under is	bed.
one thing in your house you have never cleaned under is	couch.
one thing in your house you have never cleaned under is	television.
one thing in your house you have never cleaned under is	sink.
one country in africa is	kenya.
one country in africa is	egypt.
one country in africa is	zimbabwe.
one country in africa is	south africa.
one country in africa is	nigeria.
one country in africa is	ethiopia.
one thing people always have to cut is	hair.
one thing people always have to cut is	grass.
one thing people always have to cut is	paper.
one thing people always have to cut is	meat.
one thing people always have to cut is	nails.
one sport in which the term "slam" is used is	basketball.
one sport in which the term "slam" is used is	baseball.
one sport in which the term "slam" is used is	tennis.
one sport in which the term "slam" is used is	hockey.
one sport in which the term "slam" is used is	wrestling.
one doctor's order people never take seriously is	weight.
one doctor's order people never take seriously is	plenty of rest.
one doctor's order people never take seriously is	medicine.
one doctor's order people never take seriously is	get exercise.
one doctor's order people never take seriously is	call him next day.
one monster who just wanted to be loved is	king kong.
one monster who just wanted to be loved is	shrek.
one monster who just wanted to be loved is	frankenstein.
one monster who just wanted to be loved is	incredible hulk.
one reason an actor would refuse a role is	bad pay.
one reason an actor would refuse a role is	nudity.
one reason an actor would refuse a role is	bad movie/role.
one reason an actor would refuse a role is	scheduling conflict.
one thing that costs more money if you have a daughter instead of a son is	wedding.
one thing that costs more money if you have a daughter instead of a son is	clothing.
one thing you might have on your lap is	children.
one thing you might have on your lap is	laptop.
one thing you might have on your lap is	dogs.
one thing you might have on your lap is	cats.
one thing you might have on your lap is	napkins.
one thing you might have on your lap is	blankets.
one thing a track coach might carry with him is	stopwatch.
one thing a track coach might carry with him is	whistle.
one thing a husband asks his wife to carry in her purse for him is	wallet/money.
one thing a husband asks his wife to carry in her purse for him is	keys.
one thing a husband asks his wife to carry in her purse for him is	cell phone.
one thing a husband asks his wife to carry in her purse for him is	glasses.
one thing a husband asks his wife to carry in her purse for him is	gun.
one thing you wear around your neck is	necklace.
one thing you wear around your neck is	scarf.
one thing you wear around your neck is	tie.
one thing you wear around your neck is	whistle.
one place you wouldn't want to be stuck with one person who has a cold is	elevator.
one place you wouldn't want to be stuck with one person who has a cold is	house/bed.
one place you wouldn't want to be stuck with one person who has a cold is	dr.'s/hospital.
one place you wouldn't want to be stuck with one person who has a cold is	car.
one place you wouldn't want to be stuck with one person who has a cold is	airplane.
one thing people donate that can save a life is	organ.
one thing people donate that can save a life is	blood.
one thing you buy that's disposable is	diapers.
one thing you buy that's disposable is	razors.
one thing you buy that's disposable is	paper plates.
one thing you buy that's disposable is	garbage bags.
one word that describes your dream job is	lucrative.
one word that describes your dream job is	easy.
one thing you buy a spouse for a wedding anniversary present is	jewelry.
one thing you buy a spouse for a wedding anniversary present is	flowers.
one thing you buy a spouse for a wedding anniversary present is	card.
one thing you buy a spouse for a wedding anniversary present is	watch.
one excuse a husband gives for not going with his wife to church is	too tired.
one excuse a husband gives for not going with his wife to church is	watching sports.
one excuse a husband gives for not going with his wife to church is	sick/in pain.
one excuse a husband gives for not going with his wife to church is	work around home.
one excuse a husband gives for not going with his wife to church is	not religious.
one excuse a husband gives for not going with his wife to church is	church is boring.
one thing people buy with the future in mind is	house.
one thing people buy with the future in mind is	stocks.
one thing people buy with the future in mind is	insurance.
one thing people buy with the future in mind is	furniture.
one thing people buy with the future in mind is	car.
one part of your daily personal hygiene routine that you sometimes skip is	brush teeth.
one part of your daily personal hygiene routine that you sometimes skip is	showering.
one part of your daily personal hygiene routine that you sometimes skip is	washing hair.
one part of your daily personal hygiene routine that you sometimes skip is	deodorant.
one part of your daily personal hygiene routine that you sometimes skip is	flossing teeth.
one part of your daily personal hygiene routine that you sometimes skip is	washing face.
one thing your kids get excited about long before it happens is	christmas.
one thing your kids get excited about long before it happens is	birthday.
one thing your kids get excited about long before it happens is	trip.
one thing your kids get excited about long before it happens is	start/end of school.
one thing you order at a restaurant because you rarely cook it at home is	lobster.
one thing you order at a restaurant because you rarely cook it at home is	steak.
one thing you order at a restaurant because you rarely cook it at home is	fish.
one thing you order at a restaurant because you rarely cook it at home is	french fries.
one thing you do when you wake up in the middle of the night and you are not tired is	watch tv.
one thing you do when you wake up in the middle of the night and you are not tired is	read.
one thing you do when you wake up in the middle of the night and you are not tired is	eat.
one thing you do when you wake up in the middle of the night and you are not tired is	use bathroom.
one thing you do when you wake up in the middle of the night and you are not tired is	internet.
one position that most companies have is	ceo.
one position that most companies have is	manager.
one position that most companies have is	secretary.
one position that most companies have is	human resources.
one thing people have to be taught to hold correctly is	silverware.
one thing people have to be taught to hold correctly is	baby.
one thing people have to be taught to hold correctly is	pencil.
one thing people have to be taught to hold correctly is	chopsticks.
one thing people have to be taught to hold correctly is	scissors.
one thing that some people are afraid to ride on or in is	airplane.
one thing that some people are afraid to ride on or in is	motorcycle.
one thing that some people are afraid to ride on or in is	roller coaster.
one thing that some people are afraid to ride on or in is	horse.
one thing that some people are afraid to ride on or in is	boat.
one thing that some people are afraid to ride on or in is	elevator.
one public place where it's ok to scream is	amusement park.
one public place where it's ok to scream is	rock concert.
one public place where it's ok to scream is	playground.
one public place where it's ok to scream is	movie theater.
one public place where it's ok to scream is	sports event.
one public place where it's ok to scream is	spookhouse.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	apply makeup.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	foundation.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	rouge.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	lipstick.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	lotion.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	put on makeup.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	makeup.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	mascara.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	moisturizer.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	skin care.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	face soap.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	eyeliner.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	soap.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	blush.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	cover up.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	cosmetics.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	cream.
one thing women love to do in the ladies room is	eyeshadow.
one trick that people teach their pets is	sit.
one trick that people teach their pets is	roll over.
one trick that people teach their pets is	fetch.
one trick that people teach their pets is	shake.
one trick that people teach their pets is	stay.
one trick that people teach their pets is	play dead.
one type of music that's hard to dance to is	rap.
one type of music that's hard to dance to is	heavy metal.
one type of music that's hard to dance to is	classical.
one type of music that's hard to dance to is	rock and roll.
one type of music that's hard to dance to is	opera.
one type of music that's hard to dance to is	jazz.
one thing that can do a lot of damage to a home is	water.
one thing that can do a lot of damage to a home is	fire.
one thing that can do a lot of damage to a home is	termites.
one thing that can do a lot of damage to a home is	arguing.
one thing that can do a lot of damage to a home is	pets.
one thing that can do a lot of damage to a home is	burglar.
one animal that appears in a lot of fairy tales is	horses.
one animal that appears in a lot of fairy tales is	wolves.
one animal that appears in a lot of fairy tales is	dragons.
one animal that appears in a lot of fairy tales is	rabbits.
one animal that appears in a lot of fairy tales is	mice.
one animal that appears in a lot of fairy tales is	bears.
the worst place to accidentally fall asleep is	car.
the worst place to accidentally fall asleep is	work.
the worst place to accidentally fall asleep is	bus.
the worst place to accidentally fall asleep is	church.
one person you might be nervous about meeting for the first time is	in laws.
one person you might be nervous about meeting for the first time is	blind date.
one person you might be nervous about meeting for the first time is	the president.
one person you might be nervous about meeting for the first time is	boss.
one place where you see lots of joggers is	park.
one place where you see lots of joggers is	beach.
one reason a customer might choose one gas station over another is	gas price.
one reason a customer might choose one gas station over another is	convenient.
one reason a customer might choose one gas station over another is	location.
one reason a customer might choose one gas station over another is	service.
one reason a customer might choose one gas station over another is	better gas.
one thing you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover is	comfortable beds.
one thing you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover is	comfortable showers.
one thing you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover is	tv.
one thing you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover is	movie theater.
one thing you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover is	free food.
one thing you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover is	free internet.
one thing you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover is	arcades.
one thing you would buy for your cat is	catnip.
one thing you would buy for your cat is	litter box.
one thing you would buy for your cat is	cat food.
one thing you would buy for your cat is	yarn.
one thing you would buy for your cat is	ball.
one thing a doctor carries in his bag when making a house call is	stethescope.
one thing a doctor carries in his bag when making a house call is	thermometer.
one thing a doctor carries in his bag when making a house call is	blood pressure cuff.
one thing a doctor carries in his bag when making a house call is	pills.
one thing a doctor carries in his bag when making a house call is	tongue depressor.
one thing that has a needle is	sewing machine.
one thing that has a needle is	syringe.
one thing that has a needle is	record player.
one thing that has a needle is	tattoo machine.
one thing that has a needle is	odometer.
one thing that has a needle is	tree.
one thing that people think is a man's job is	taking out trash.
one thing that people think is a man's job is	mowing lawn.
one thing that people think is a man's job is	breadwinner.
one thing that people think is a man's job is	maintain cars.
one thing that people think is a man's job is	construction.
one thing that people think is a man's job is	us president.
one thing people think they can get away with if they are rich is	breaking law.
one thing people think they can get away with if they are rich is	being rude.
one thing people think they can get away with if they are rich is	not paying taxes.
one thing people think they can get away with if they are rich is	cheating.
one thing that causes traffic jams is	accidents.
one thing that causes traffic jams is	many cars.
one thing that causes traffic jams is	pedestrians.
one thing that causes traffic jams is	bad weather.
one thing that causes traffic jams is	bad.
one thing that causes traffic jams is	broken street light.
one thing you'd find on a person's arm is	watch.
one thing you'd find on a person's arm is	tattoo.
one thing you'd find on a person's arm is	hair.
one thing you'd find on a person's arm is	sleeve.
one thing you'd find on a person's arm is	bracelet.
one thing you'd find on a person's arm is	freckles.
one thing that is driven by the wind is	windmill.
one thing that is driven by the wind is	sailboat.
one thing that is driven by the wind is	kite.
one thing that is driven by the wind is	leaves.
one thing that is driven by the wind is	air balloon.
one thing that is driven by the wind is	fan.
one insect most people find harmless is	ants.
one insect most people find harmless is	fly.
one insect most people find harmless is	lady bug.
one insect most people find harmless is	roly poly.
one insect most people find harmless is	caterpillar.
one insect most people find harmless is	daddy longlegs.
one insect most people find harmless is	butterfly.
one insect most people find harmless is	earthwarm.
one thing in bed you might fall asleep while holding is	pillow.
one thing in bed you might fall asleep while holding is	book.
one thing in bed you might fall asleep while holding is	remote control.
one thing in bed you might fall asleep while holding is	stuffed animal.
one thing in bed you might fall asleep while holding is	telephone.
one animal that has whiskers is	cat.
one animal that has whiskers is	lion.
one animal that has whiskers is	walrus.
one animal that has whiskers is	seal.
one animal that has whiskers is	tiger.
one event where you see proud parents is	graduation.
one event where you see proud parents is	pop warner fo...
one event where you see proud parents is	school play.
one event where you see proud parents is	dance recital.
one event where you see proud parents is	little league.
one event where you see proud parents is	birth.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	cheesecake.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	tort.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	cupcake.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	cake.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	piece of cake.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	orzo.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	rice.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	napkins.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	serviettes.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	paper towels.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	blossoms.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	roses.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	marigolds.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	lilies.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	flowers.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	blooms.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	bouquets.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	chrysanthemums.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	daisies.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	dried flowers.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	tulips.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	cornucopia.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	decoration.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	centerpiece.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	ornament.
one thing people bring home with them from a wedding is	table ornament.
one thing you might take mountain climbing is	rope.
one thing you might take mountain climbing is	water.
one thing you might take mountain climbing is	backpack.
one thing you might take mountain climbing is	boots.
one thing you might take mountain climbing is	first aid kit.
one kids game that an over-caffeinated teacher might be tempted to join at recess is	tag.
one kids game that an over-caffeinated teacher might be tempted to join at recess is	kick ball.
one kids game that an over-caffeinated teacher might be tempted to join at recess is	monkey bars.
one kids game that an over-caffeinated teacher might be tempted to join at recess is	swings.
one kids game that an over-caffeinated teacher might be tempted to join at recess is	jump rope.
one thing you might freeze is	water.
one thing you might freeze is	meat.
one thing you might freeze is	ice cream.
one thing you might freeze is	popsicle.
one thing you might freeze is	drinks.
one thing you might freeze is	leftovers.
one thing parents regret buying for their children is	toys.
one thing parents regret buying for their children is	video games.
one thing parents regret buying for their children is	car.
one thing parents regret buying for their children is	musical instrument.
one thing parents regret buying for their children is	candy.
one thing parents regret buying for their children is	computers.
one word children often mispronounce is	spaghetti.
one word children often mispronounce is	grandma.
one word children often mispronounce is	mississippi.
one word children often mispronounce is	school.
one word children often mispronounce is	truck.
one thing specific a kid might have to stay after school to do is	detention.
one thing specific a kid might have to stay after school to do is	homework.
one thing specific a kid might have to stay after school to do is	clean.
one thing specific a kid might have to stay after school to do is	sports.
one thing specific a kid might have to stay after school to do is	band.
one thing that lays a really big egg is	ostrich.
one thing that lays a really big egg is	chicken.
one thing that lays a really big egg is	goose.
one thing that lays a really big egg is	emu.
one thing that lays a really big egg is	eagle.
one thing a wife tells her husband he needs to change is	clothes.
one thing a wife tells her husband he needs to change is	attitude.
one thing a wife tells her husband he needs to change is	hair.
one thing a wife tells her husband he needs to change is	staying out late.
one thing a wife tells her husband he needs to change is	eating habits.
one thing a wife tells her husband he needs to change is	job.
one of the basic necessities of life is	food.
one of the basic necessities of life is	water.
one of the basic necessities of life is	air.
one of the basic necessities of life is	love.
one of the basic necessities of life is	shelter.
one of the basic necessities of life is	health.
one thing a person with overly large feet might have a hard time doing is	buying shoes.
one thing a person with overly large feet might have a hard time doing is	dancing.
one thing a person with overly large feet might have a hard time doing is	walking.
one thing a person with overly large feet might have a hard time doing is	running.
one thing a person with overly large feet might have a hard time doing is	jumping rope.
one thing a person with overly large feet might have a hard time doing is	putting shoes on.
one thing you fill with air is	balloons.
one thing you fill with air is	tires.
one thing you fill with air is	lungs.
one thing you fill with air is	air mattress.
one thing you fill with air is	basketball.
one animal whose legs you eat is	chicken.
one animal whose legs you eat is	frog.
one animal whose legs you eat is	lamb.
one animal whose legs you eat is	pig.
one animal whose legs you eat is	turkey.
one animal whose legs you eat is	rabbit.
one animal whose legs you eat is	crab.
one thing you might see in the macy's thanksgiving day parade is	floats.
one thing you might see in the macy's thanksgiving day parade is	santa.
one thing you might see in the macy's thanksgiving day parade is	turkey.
one thing you might see in the macy's thanksgiving day parade is	balloons.
one thing you might see in the macy's thanksgiving day parade is	marching band.
one holiday in the summer time is	fourth of july.
one holiday in the summer time is	memorial day.
one holiday in the summer time is	labor day.
one holiday in the summer time is	father's day.
one part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds is	brain.
one part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds is	arm.
one part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds is	foot.
one part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds is	leg.
one part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds is	heart.
one part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds is	hand.
one part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds is	stomach.
one thing that makes people sneeze is	pepper.
one thing that makes people sneeze is	pollen.
one thing that makes people sneeze is	dust.
one thing that makes people sneeze is	ragweed.
one thing that makes people sneeze is	colds.
one activity that makes people tired is	running.
one activity that makes people tired is	working.
one activity that makes people tired is	romance.
one activity that makes people tired is	exercise.
one activity that makes people tired is	chores.
one thing that most people can usually tell is a fake is	toupee.
one thing that most people can usually tell is a fake is	breasts.
one thing that most people can usually tell is a fake is	fingernails.
one thing that most people can usually tell is a fake is	jewelry.
one thing that most people can usually tell is a fake is	smile.
one thing that most people can usually tell is a fake is	money.
one occupation whose members must get used to taking a lot of criticism is	politics.
one occupation whose members must get used to taking a lot of criticism is	lawyer.
one occupation whose members must get used to taking a lot of criticism is	customer service.
one occupation whose members must get used to taking a lot of criticism is	telemarketer.
one occupation whose members must get used to taking a lot of criticism is	actor.
one occupation whose members must get used to taking a lot of criticism is	police officer.
one thing that a rich kid might brag about to his schoolmates is	car.
one thing that a rich kid might brag about to his schoolmates is	money.
one thing that a rich kid might brag about to his schoolmates is	house.
one thing that a rich kid might brag about to his schoolmates is	clothing.
one thing that a rich kid might brag about to his schoolmates is	toys.
one thing that a rich kid might brag about to his schoolmates is	rich parents.
one thing in your home that's used when you entertain company is	tv.
one thing in your home that's used when you entertain company is	stereo.
one thing in your home that's used when you entertain company is	chinaware.
one thing in your home that's used when you entertain company is	coffee pot.
one thing in your home that's used when you entertain company is	kitchen.
one thing in your home that's used when you entertain company is	glasses.
one european country is	england.
one european country is	italy.
one european country is	france.
one european country is	germany.
one european country is	spain.
one thing you can read from is	book.
one thing you can read from is	e reader.
one thing you can read from is	dictionary.
one thing you can read from is	computer.
one thing you can read from is	ipad.
one thing you can read from is	phone.
one thing a supermodel would probably never eat for dessert is	cake.
one thing a supermodel would probably never eat for dessert is	mosquito.
one thing a supermodel would probably never eat for dessert is	ice cream.
one thing a supermodel would probably never eat for dessert is	pie.
one part of their bodies that people complain is too big is	bottom.
one part of their bodies that people complain is too big is	nose.
one part of their bodies that people complain is too big is	head.
one part of their bodies that people complain is too big is	abdomen.
one part of their bodies that people complain is too big is	feet.
one part of their bodies that people complain is too big is	thighs.
one thing it should be against the law for people to do in cars is	talk on phone.
one thing it should be against the law for people to do in cars is	drink/eat.
one thing it should be against the law for people to do in cars is	make out/sex.
one thing it should be against the law for people to do in cars is	put on makeup.
one thing it should be against the law for people to do in cars is	read.
one thing it should be against the law for people to do in cars is	blast music.
one thing it should be against the law for people to do in cars is	give finger.
one tourist attraction that most americans want to visit at least once in their lifetime is	disney land.
one tourist attraction that most americans want to visit at least once in their lifetime is	grand canyon.
one tourist attraction that most americans want to visit at least once in their lifetime is	eiffel tower.
one tourist attraction that most americans want to visit at least once in their lifetime is	niagara falls.
one tourist attraction that most americans want to visit at least once in their lifetime is	statue of liberty.
one thing you'd get a dirty look for doing in the movie theater is	talking.
one thing you'd get a dirty look for doing in the movie theater is	smooching.
one thing you'd get a dirty look for doing in the movie theater is	texting.
one thing you'd get a dirty look for doing in the movie theater is	flatulence.
one thing you'd get a dirty look for doing in the movie theater is	snoring.
one city in which you would love to live is	new york.
one city in which you would love to live is	miami.
one city in which you would love to live is	las vegas.
one city in which you would love to live is	orlando.
one city in which you would love to live is	chicago.
one city in which you would love to live is	los angeles.
one thing that reminds you of san francisco is	trolley/cable car.
one thing that reminds you of san francisco is	golden gate brdg..
one thing that reminds you of san francisco is	rice-a-roni.
one thing that reminds you of san francisco is	fog.
one thing that reminds you of san francisco is	hills.
one city where lots of rich people live is	new york.
one city where lots of rich people live is	los angeles.
one city where lots of rich people live is	miami.
one city where lots of rich people live is	las vegas.
one city where lots of rich people live is	beverly hills.
one feature television sets have today they did not have fifty years ago is	remote control.
one feature television sets have today they did not have fifty years ago is	color.
one feature television sets have today they did not have fifty years ago is	cable.
one feature television sets have today they did not have fifty years ago is	dvd.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with is	basketball.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with is	football.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with is	baseball.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with is	tennis ball.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with is	bowling ball.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with is	soccer ball.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with is	beach ball.
one type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with is	ping pong ball.
one thing you see in the sky is	clouds.
one thing you see in the sky is	stars.
one thing you see in the sky is	the sun.
one thing you see in the sky is	birds.
one thing you see in the sky is	airplanes.
one kitchen utensil you could not live without is	kitchen knives.
one kitchen utensil you could not live without is	spoon.
one kitchen utensil you could not live without is	microwave.
one kitchen utensil you could not live without is	coffee pots.
one "blonde bombshell" of today is	loni anderson.
one "blonde bombshell" of today is	madonna.
one "blonde bombshell" of today is	suzanne somers.
one "blonde bombshell" of today is	vanna white.
one "blonde bombshell" of today is	cybill shepherd.
one "blonde bombshell" of today is	dolly parton.
one thing you need if you want to play tennis is	racquet.
one thing you need if you want to play tennis is	ball.
one thing you need if you want to play tennis is	shoes.
one thing you should keep in the trunk of your car, just in case is	spare tire.
one thing you should keep in the trunk of your car, just in case is	jumper cables.
one thing you should keep in the trunk of your car, just in case is	first-aid kit.
one thing you should keep in the trunk of your car, just in case is	blanket.
one thing you should keep in the trunk of your car, just in case is	flashlight.
one thing you should keep in the trunk of your car, just in case is	tools.
one animal you might see in the forest is	deer.
one animal you might see in the forest is	bears.
one animal you might see in the forest is	foxes.
one animal you might see in the forest is	birds.
one televised event that people throw parties to watch is	superbowl.
one televised event that people throw parties to watch is	super bowl.
one televised event that people throw parties to watch is	world series.
one televised event that people throw parties to watch is	awards show.
one televised event that people throw parties to watch is	new year's eve.
one sign that a couple is really in love is	kissing.
one sign that a couple is really in love is	hold hands.
one sign that a couple is really in love is	married.
one sign that a couple is really in love is	smiling.
one sign that a couple is really in love is	always together.
one thing a man would need to go from beached whale to ironman athlete is	gym.
one thing a man would need to go from beached whale to ironman athlete is	determination.
one thing a man would need to go from beached whale to ironman athlete is	diet food.
one thing a man would need to go from beached whale to ironman athlete is	good-looking....
one thing a man would need to go from beached whale to ironman athlete is	running shoes.
one thing a guy might rent for a special date is	limo.
one thing a guy might rent for a special date is	car.
one thing a guy might rent for a special date is	tuxedo.
one thing a guy might rent for a special date is	hotel room.
one thing a guy might rent for a special date is	spa.
one thing that begins with "feel the ____" is	heat.
one thing that begins with "feel the ____" is	love.
one thing that begins with "feel the ____" is	burn.
one thing that begins with "feel the ____" is	rhythm.
one thing that begins with "feel the ____" is	beat.
one thing that begins with "feel the ____" is	breeze.
one thing people wear when they want to dress casual is	jeans.
one thing you might wash in the sink is	dishes.
one thing you might wash in the sink is	clothes.
one thing you might wash in the sink is	babies.
one thing you might wash in the sink is	vegetables.
one way you can tell if one person has a crush on you is	smiling.
one way you can tell if one person has a crush on you is	blushing.
one way you can tell if one person has a crush on you is	laughing.
one way you can tell if one person has a crush on you is	flirting.
one word people use in the stock market is	buy.
one word people use in the stock market is	sell.
one word people use in the stock market is	bullish.
one word people use in the stock market is	raising up.
one word people use in the stock market is	dow jones.
one word people use in the stock market is	yes.
one type of business that flourishes in a gambling town is	casino.
one type of business that flourishes in a gambling town is	brothel.
one type of business that flourishes in a gambling town is	bar.
one type of business that flourishes in a gambling town is	hotel.
one type of business that flourishes in a gambling town is	strip joint.
one type of business that flourishes in a gambling town is	restaurant.
one type of business that flourishes in a gambling town is	pawn shop.
one thing people use to carry water is	bucket.
one thing people use to carry water is	canteen.
one thing people use to carry water is	thermos.
one thing people use to carry water is	jug.
one thing people use to carry water is	bottle.
one thing people use to carry water is	pitcher.
one thing people use to carry water is	glass.
one thing that's routinely done to a person when he's arrested is	handcuffed.
one thing that's routinely done to a person when he's arrested is	read rights.
one thing that's routinely done to a person when he's arrested is	fingerprinted.
one thing that's routinely done to a person when he's arrested is	mug shot.
one thing that's routinely done to a person when he's arrested is	questioned.
one thing a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do is	milk cow.
one thing a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do is	plant.
one thing a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do is	drive tractor.
one thing a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do is	fix tractor.
one thing a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do is	use computer.
one thing a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do is	read.
one thing a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do is	ride horse.
one thing a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do is	mow lawn.
one occupation you'd like to have in the family is	doctor.
one occupation you'd like to have in the family is	lawyer.
one occupation you'd like to have in the family is	restaurant owner.
one occupation you'd like to have in the family is	dentist.
one occupation you'd like to have in the family is	painter/artist.
one occupation you'd like to have in the family is	supermarket owner.
one occupation you'd like to have in the family is	gardener.
one famous james bond villain is	goldfinger.
one famous james bond villain is	dr. no.
one famous james bond villain is	jaws.
one famous james bond villain is	odd job.
one thing that begins with "the real" is	world.
one thing that begins with "the real" is	mccoy.
one thing that begins with "the real" is	deal.
one thing that begins with "the real" is	thing.
one thing that begins with "the real" is	life.
one thing that begins with "the real" is	steele.
one thing you never forget how to do is	ride a bike.
one thing you never forget how to do is	tie shoes.
one thing you never forget how to do is	drive.
one thing you never forget how to do is	walk.
one thing you never forget how to do is	cook.
one thing you never forget how to do is	talk.
one planet you would recognize just by looking at a picture of it is	saturn.
one planet you would recognize just by looking at a picture of it is	earth.
one planet you would recognize just by looking at a picture of it is	mars.
one planet you would recognize just by looking at a picture of it is	jupiter.
one kind of repairman who might be more tempted to cheat a woman than he would a man is	auto mechanic.
one kind of repairman who might be more tempted to cheat a woman than he would a man is	plumber.
one kind of repairman who might be more tempted to cheat a woman than he would a man is	carpenter/roofer.
one kind of repairman who might be more tempted to cheat a woman than he would a man is	washing machine.
one kind of repairman who might be more tempted to cheat a woman than he would a man is	refrigerator.
one food people stir while it's cooking is	soup.
one food people stir while it's cooking is	sauce.
one food people stir while it's cooking is	pasta.
one food people stir while it's cooking is	rice.
one food people stir while it's cooking is	hot cereal.
one make of car no longer manufactured is	edsel.
one make of car no longer manufactured is	studebaker.
one make of car no longer manufactured is	desoto.
one make of car no longer manufactured is	packard.
one make of car no longer manufactured is	nash.
one make of car no longer manufactured is	hudson.
one make of car no longer manufactured is	model t.
one sport they often make movies about is	football.
one sport they often make movies about is	baseball.
one sport they often make movies about is	basketball.
one sport they often make movies about is	skiing.
one food that's served at a japanese restaurant is	sushi.
one food that's served at a japanese restaurant is	rice.
one food that's served at a japanese restaurant is	fish.
one food that's served at a japanese restaurant is	egg roll.
one food that's served at a japanese restaurant is	miso soup.
one food that's served at a japanese restaurant is	teriyaki.
one thing a person might be chasing is	dog/pet.
one thing a person might be chasing is	dream.
one thing a person might be chasing is	love interest.
one thing a person might be chasing is	bus.
one thing a person might be chasing is	child.
one thing a person might be chasing is	money.
one movie that won many academy awards is	titanic.
one movie that won many academy awards is	gone w/ the wind.
one movie that won many academy awards is	lord of the rings.
one movie that won many academy awards is	sound of music.
one movie that won many academy awards is	forrest gump.
the glue that holds most marriages together is	trust/honesty.
the glue that holds most marriages together is	communication.
the glue that holds most marriages together is	love.
the glue that holds most marriages together is	religion/faith.
the glue that holds most marriages together is	children/family.
the glue that holds most marriages together is	money.
one thing done in bare feet is	swimming.
one thing done in bare feet is	walking on the beach.
one thing done in bare feet is	yoga.
one thing done in bare feet is	beach volleyball.
one thing done in bare feet is	showering.
one place people go on their honeymoon is	hawaii.
one place people go on their honeymoon is	honolulu.
one place people go on their honeymoon is	niagara falls.
one place people go on their honeymoon is	falls.
one place people go on their honeymoon is	jamaica.
one place people go on their honeymoon is	nassau.
one place people go on their honeymoon is	bahamas.
one place people go on their honeymoon is	mexico.
one place people go on their honeymoon is	cancun.
one place people go on their honeymoon is	las vegas.
one place people go on their honeymoon is	vegas.
one thing you measure with is	ruler.
one thing you measure with is	tape measure.
one thing you measure with is	yard stick.
one thing you measure with is	measuring cup.
one thing you measure with is	spoon.
one city that doesn't follow trends, it sets them is	new york.
one city that doesn't follow trends, it sets them is	los angeles.
one city that doesn't follow trends, it sets them is	seattle.
one city that doesn't follow trends, it sets them is	san francisco.
one city that doesn't follow trends, it sets them is	las vegas.
one city that doesn't follow trends, it sets them is	paris.
one thing people use to foretell the future is	crystal ball.
one thing people use to foretell the future is	tarot cards.
one thing people use to foretell the future is	fortune teller.
one thing people use to foretell the future is	horoscope.
one thing people use to foretell the future is	ouija board.
one thing you wear that you don't replace or buy new very often is	coat.
one thing you wear that you don't replace or buy new very often is	shoes.
one thing you wear that you don't replace or buy new very often is	underwear.
one thing you wear that you don't replace or buy new very often is	jewelry.
one thing you wear that you don't replace or buy new very often is	glasses.
one thing you wear that you don't replace or buy new very often is	jeans.
one thing a high school student might do in gym class is	run.
one thing a high school student might do in gym class is	push-ups.
one thing a high school student might do in gym class is	rope climbing.
one thing a high school student might do in gym class is	jumping jacks.
one thing a high school student might do in gym class is	sit-ups.
one vegetable that people might grow in their backyard is	tomato.
one vegetable that people might grow in their backyard is	carrot.
one vegetable that people might grow in their backyard is	cabbage.
one vegetable that people might grow in their backyard is	lettuce.
one vegetable that people might grow in their backyard is	cucumbers.
one vegetable that people might grow in their backyard is	green beans.
one vegetable that people might grow in their backyard is	peppers.
one vegetable that people might grow in their backyard is	corn.
one thing you find in a baby nursery is	crib.
one thing you find in a baby nursery is	diapers.
one thing you find in a baby nursery is	toys.
one thing you find in a baby nursery is	baby.
one thing you find in a baby nursery is	changing table.
the us city which has the most haunted houses is	salem.
the us city which has the most haunted houses is	new orleans.
the us city which has the most haunted houses is	boston.
the us city which has the most haunted houses is	new york.
the us city which has the most haunted houses is	los angeles.
one thing drivers spend time looking at with their eyes when they should be on the road is	other people.
one thing drivers spend time looking at with their eyes when they should be on the road is	radio.
one thing drivers spend time looking at with their eyes when they should be on the road is	billboard/sign.
one thing drivers spend time looking at with their eyes when they should be on the road is	cell phone.
one thing drivers spend time looking at with their eyes when they should be on the road is	self in mirror.
one thing drivers spend time looking at with their eyes when they should be on the road is	accident.
one subject at school you'd hate to find out a ten-year-old knows more about than you is	math.
one subject at school you'd hate to find out a ten-year-old knows more about than you is	history.
one subject at school you'd hate to find out a ten-year-old knows more about than you is	sex education.
one subject at school you'd hate to find out a ten-year-old knows more about than you is	science.
one subject at school you'd hate to find out a ten-year-old knows more about than you is	computers.
one subject at school you'd hate to find out a ten-year-old knows more about than you is	english.
one kind of suit you would not wear to the office is	swimsuit.
one kind of suit you would not wear to the office is	birthday suit.
one kind of suit you would not wear to the office is	wetsuit.
one kind of suit you would not wear to the office is	tuxedo.
one kind of suit you would not wear to the office is	pant suit.
one kind of suit you would not wear to the office is	plaid suit.
one thing measured by the spoonful is	sugar.
one thing measured by the spoonful is	medicine.
one thing measured by the spoonful is	salt.
one thing measured by the spoonful is	coffee.
one thing measured by the spoonful is	baking soda.
one thing measured by the spoonful is	vanilla.
one type of race that might be held in the summer is	swimming.
one type of race that might be held in the summer is	marathon.
one type of race that might be held in the summer is	bike.
one type of race that might be held in the summer is	car.
one type of race that might be held in the summer is	boat.
one type of race that might be held in the summer is	horse.
one thing that people soak is	feet/themselves.
one thing that people soak is	clothes/laundry.
one thing that people soak is	dishes.
one thing that people soak is	dentures.
one thing that people soak is	beans.
one thing you find on a tennis court is	balls.
one thing you find on a tennis court is	net.
one thing you find on a tennis court is	lines.
one thing you find on a tennis court is	players.
one thing you find on a tennis court is	racquet.
one part of the body you'd be shocked to hear your grandmother got pierced is	bellybutton.
one part of the body you'd be shocked to hear your grandmother got pierced is	bosom.
one part of the body you'd be shocked to hear your grandmother got pierced is	nose.
one part of the body you'd be shocked to hear your grandmother got pierced is	tongue.
one part of the body you'd be shocked to hear your grandmother got pierced is	ears.
one thing america sends to other countries is	food.
one thing america sends to other countries is	military.
one thing america sends to other countries is	money.
one thing america sends to other countries is	medical supplies.
one thing people can break is	glasses.
one thing people can break is	bones.
one animal you might see on old mcdonald's farm is	cow.
one animal you might see on old mcdonald's farm is	pig.
one animal you might see on old mcdonald's farm is	duck.
one animal you might see on old mcdonald's farm is	chicken.
one thing people like to receive in the mail is	money.
one thing people like to receive in the mail is	checks.
one thing people like to receive in the mail is	postcards.
one thing people like to receive in the mail is	presents.
one thing people like to receive in the mail is	coupons.
one thing you see on a student's desk is	pen.
one thing you see on a student's desk is	pencil.
one thing you see on a student's desk is	books.
one thing you see on a student's desk is	computer.
one thing you see on a student's desk is	calculator.
one thing you see on a student's desk is	paper.
one short phrase that begins with "hang" is	hang ten.
one short phrase that begins with "hang" is	hang out.
one short phrase that begins with "hang" is	hangman.
one short phrase that begins with "hang" is	hangover.
one short phrase that begins with "hang" is	hang loose.
one short phrase that begins with "hang" is	hang on.
one short phrase that begins with "hang" is	hang in there.
one thing a husband does for his wife when he's feeling guilty is	buys her flowers.
one thing a husband does for his wife when he's feeling guilty is	buys jewelry/gift.
one thing a husband does for his wife when he's feeling guilty is	cooks/out to eat.
one thing a husband does for his wife when he's feeling guilty is	buys her candy.
one thing a husband does for his wife when he's feeling guilty is	does the chores.
one fruit that tastes good when it's dipped in chocolate is	strawberry.
one fruit that tastes good when it's dipped in chocolate is	banana.
one fruit that tastes good when it's dipped in chocolate is	apple.
one fruit that tastes good when it's dipped in chocolate is	cherry.
one game that kids have played for generations is	hide & seek.
one game that kids have played for generations is	tag.
one game that kids have played for generations is	hopscotch.
one game that kids have played for generations is	baseball.
one game that kids have played for generations is	monopoly.
one game that kids have played for generations is	checkers.
one game that kids have played for generations is	jump rope.
one game that kids have played for generations is	tic tac toe.
one thing little kids have difficulty doing for themselves is	tying shoes.
one thing little kids have difficulty doing for themselves is	getting dressed.
one thing little kids have difficulty doing for themselves is	going potty.
one thing little kids have difficulty doing for themselves is	taking a bath.
one thing little kids have difficulty doing for themselves is	eating.
one thing you might accidentally leave on all night is	television.
one thing you might accidentally leave on all night is	lights.
one thing you might accidentally leave on all night is	oven.
one thing you might accidentally leave on all night is	computer.
one thing you might accidentally leave on all night is	contact lenses.
one thing you might find in the glove compartment of your car is	registration.
one thing you might find in the glove compartment of your car is	insurance card.
one thing you might find in the glove compartment of your car is	owner's manual.
one thing you might find in the glove compartment of your car is	map.
one thing you might find in the glove compartment of your car is	flash light.
your favorite thing to do at parties is	dance.
your favorite thing to do at parties is	socialize.
your favorite thing to do at parties is	drink.
your favorite thing to do at parties is	eat.
your favorite thing to do at parties is	sing.
one thing on a job application that people lie about is	age.
one thing on a job application that people lie about is	experience.
one thing on a job application that people lie about is	criminal record.
one thing on a job application that people lie about is	education.
one beautiful actress named jennifer is	jennifer lopez.
one beautiful actress named jennifer is	jennifer aniston.
one beautiful actress named jennifer is	jennifer jones.
one beautiful actress named jennifer is	jennifer garner.
one beautiful actress named jennifer is	jennifer love hewitt.
one place where you could see a lot of fit people is	gym.
one place where you could see a lot of fit people is	sports event.
one word or phrase that contains "belly" is	belly button.
one word or phrase that contains "belly" is	jelly belly.
one word or phrase that contains "belly" is	belly dancing.
one word or phrase that contains "belly" is	belly ache.
one word or phrase that contains "belly" is	belly flop.
one word or phrase that contains "belly" is	round belly.
one thing that might give you a jolt is	electricity.
one thing that might give you a jolt is	coffee.
one thing that might give you a jolt is	lightning.
one thing that might give you a jolt is	battery.
one thing that might give you a jolt is	taser gun.
one thing that might give you a jolt is	spicy food.
one thing belonging to their children that all parents are sometimes tempted to look through is	diary/journal.
one thing belonging to their children that all parents are sometimes tempted to look through is	dresser/drawers.
one thing belonging to their children that all parents are sometimes tempted to look through is	backpack/bookbag.
one thing belonging to their children that all parents are sometimes tempted to look through is	their bedroom.
one thing belonging to their children that all parents are sometimes tempted to look through is	wallet/purse.
one kind of business where you always see customers losing their temper is	restaurant.
one kind of business where you always see customers losing their temper is	department store.
one kind of business where you always see customers losing their temper is	supermarket.
one kind of business where you always see customers losing their temper is	dry cleaners.
one kind of business where you always see customers losing their temper is	utilities.
one kind of business where you always see customers losing their temper is	auto mechanic.
one thing a mother would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma is	cuss.
one thing a mother would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma is	pass gas.
one thing a mother would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma is	pick nose.
one thing a mother would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma is	have a tantrum.
one thing a mother would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma is	whine/cry.
one part of the local news broadcast that people specifically watch for is	weather.
one part of the local news broadcast that people specifically watch for is	sports.
one part of the local news broadcast that people specifically watch for is	headline news.
one part of the local news broadcast that people specifically watch for is	traffic.
one thing that has an alarm is	clock.
one thing that has an alarm is	car.
one thing that has an alarm is	smoke detector.
one thing that has an alarm is	home.
one thing that has an alarm is	bank vault.
one thing that has an alarm is	watch.
one thing that, to a slob, belongs on the floor is	clothes.
one thing that, to a slob, belongs on the floor is	everything.
one thing that, to a slob, belongs on the floor is	trash.
one thing that, to a slob, belongs on the floor is	food.
one thing that, to a slob, belongs on the floor is	dirt.
one thing people keep hidden in their house is	money.
one thing people keep hidden in their house is	guns.
one thing people keep hidden in their house is	jewelry.
one thing people keep hidden in their house is	safe/keys to safe.
one way to attract a person's attention is	wave.
one way to attract a person's attention is	yell.
one way to attract a person's attention is	whistle.
one way to attract a person's attention is	smile.
one place you don't want your cell phone to start ringing is	church.
one place you don't want your cell phone to start ringing is	library.
one place you don't want your cell phone to start ringing is	meeting.
one place you don't want your cell phone to start ringing is	movie.
one place you don't want your cell phone to start ringing is	driving.
one thing you put on top of ice cream is	chocolate syrup.
one thing you put on top of ice cream is	sprinkles.
one thing you put on top of ice cream is	cherries.
one thing you put on top of ice cream is	nuts.
one thing you put on top of ice cream is	whipped cream.
one thing you put on top of ice cream is	caramel.
one thing working women spend more money on than housewives is	clothes/shoes.
one thing working women spend more money on than housewives is	gas/transport..
one thing working women spend more money on than housewives is	makeup.
one thing working women spend more money on than housewives is	child-care.
one thing working women spend more money on than housewives is	food/drinks.
one thing working women spend more money on than housewives is	jewelry.
one thing working women spend more money on than housewives is	cell phone.
one kind of league people join is	bowling.
one kind of league people join is	baseball.
one kind of league people join is	football.
one kind of league people join is	women voters.
one kind of league people join is	extraordinary.
one kind of league people join is	soccer.
one thing that's shaped like a donut is	tire.
one thing that's shaped like a donut is	bagel.
one thing some people do faster than others is	run.
one thing some people do faster than others is	read.
one thing some people do faster than others is	walk.
one thing some people do faster than others is	type.
one thing some people do faster than others is	eat.
one thing some people do faster than others is	talk.
one thing you wipe is	buttocks.
one thing you wipe is	runny rose.
one thing you wipe is	kitchen table.
one thing you wipe is	your face.
one thing you wipe is	countertop.
one thing you wipe is	windows.
one thing you wipe is	tears.
one thing that bothers airline passengers the most is	waiting.
one thing that bothers airline passengers the most is	baby.
one thing that bothers airline passengers the most is	seating.
one thing that bothers airline passengers the most is	passengers.
one thing that bothers airline passengers the most is	security.
one thing that bothers airline passengers the most is	turbulence.
one thing people rely on too much these days is	cell phones.
one thing people rely on too much these days is	computers.
one thing people rely on too much these days is	money.
one thing people rely on too much these days is	cars.
one day that is considered especially bad to break up on is	valentine's day.
one day that is considered especially bad to break up on is	birthday.
one day that is considered especially bad to break up on is	christmas.
one day that is considered especially bad to break up on is	friday.
one day that is considered especially bad to break up on is	anniversary.
one thing you do when your zipper gets stuck is	unstick it.
one thing you do when your zipper gets stuck is	swear.
one thing you do when your zipper gets stuck is	scream.
one thing you do when your zipper gets stuck is	change pants.
one thing you do when your zipper gets stuck is	panic.
one thing you do when your zipper gets stuck is	cover with a s....
one thing a teenager would never do unless his parents insisted on it is	clean room.
one thing a teenager would never do unless his parents insisted on it is	homework.
one thing a teenager would never do unless his parents insisted on it is	get a job.
one thing a teenager would never do unless his parents insisted on it is	time with family.
one thing a teenager would never do unless his parents insisted on it is	thank you.
one thing a teenager would never do unless his parents insisted on it is	sleep.
one thing that might put a kid on santa's naughty list is	swearing.
one thing that might put a kid on santa's naughty list is	bad grades.
one thing that might put a kid on santa's naughty list is	fighting.
one thing that might put a kid on santa's naughty list is	stealing.
one thing that might put a kid on santa's naughty list is	bullying.
one appliance in the bathroom that you plug in is	blow dryer.
one appliance in the bathroom that you plug in is	electric razor.
one appliance in the bathroom that you plug in is	curling iron.
one appliance in the bathroom that you plug in is	electric toothbrush.
one public place you might see one person snoring is	church.
one public place you might see one person snoring is	movie theater.
one public place you might see one person snoring is	airport.
one public place you might see one person snoring is	bus.
one public place you might see one person snoring is	libraries.
one public place you might see one person snoring is	hospital.
one object young children sleep with is	teddy bear.
one object young children sleep with is	blanket.
one object young children sleep with is	pacifier.
one thing people do with their index fingers is	point.
one thing people do with their index fingers is	pick nose.
one thing people do with their index fingers is	apply makeup.
one thing people do with their index fingers is	wear a ring.
one thing people do with their index fingers is	scratch.
one thing people do with their index fingers is	dial a phone.
one thing that could be described as fluffy is	pillow.
one thing that could be described as fluffy is	cloud.
one thing that could be described as fluffy is	cotton.
one thing that could be described as fluffy is	cat.
one thing you would complain about when you receive a pizza delivery is	cold.
one thing you would complain about when you receive a pizza delivery is	wrong toppings.
one thing you would complain about when you receive a pizza delivery is	late delivery.
one thing you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors is	sunbathe.
one thing you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors is	walk around.
one thing you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors is	house work.
one thing you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors is	swim.
one thing you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors is	dance.
one thing you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors is	yard work.
one thing you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors is	hot tub.
one thing you would not want to watch your child playing with is	fire.
one thing you would not want to watch your child playing with is	knife.
one thing you would not want to watch your child playing with is	adult items.
one thing you would not want to watch your child playing with is	gun.
one thing people wear that is white is	t-shirt.
one thing people wear that is white is	blouse.
one thing people wear that is white is	wedding dress.
one thing people wear that is white is	underwear.
one thing people wear that is white is	shoes.
one thing people wear that is white is	socks.
one profession that is very stressful is	doctor.
one profession that is very stressful is	lawyer.
one profession that is very stressful is	teacher.
one profession that is very stressful is	police officer.
one profession that is very stressful is	nurse.
one profession that is very stressful is	customer service.
one activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby is	swimming.
one activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby is	go to the beach.
one activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby is	camping.
one activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby is	traveling.
one activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby is	hiking.
one activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby is	jogging.
one activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby is	surfing.
one dance that is no longer hip is	the twist.
one dance that is no longer hip is	waltz.
one dance that is no longer hip is	the macarena.
one dance that is no longer hip is	disco.
one dance that is no longer hip is	jitterbug.
one dance that is no longer hip is	electric slide.
one thing that people shed is	hair.
one thing that people shed is	skin.
one thing that people shed is	tears.
one thing that people shed is	clothes.
one thing that people shed is	pounds/weight.
one thing a man might not notice his wife has changed is	her hair.
one thing a man might not notice his wife has changed is	her nail polish.
one thing a man might not notice his wife has changed is	the furnishings.
one thing a man might not notice his wife has changed is	her weight.
one thing a man might not notice his wife has changed is	her earrings.
one thing a man might not notice his wife has changed is	her undies.
one place where you get news that's not exactly reliable is	tabloids.
one place where you get news that's not exactly reliable is	tv.
one place where you get news that's not exactly reliable is	internet.
one place where you get news that's not exactly reliable is	work.
one place where you get news that's not exactly reliable is	newspaper.
one place where you get news that's not exactly reliable is	friends.
one celebrity family you would like to see play the feud is	jacksons.
one celebrity family you would like to see play the feud is	osbournes.
one celebrity family you would like to see play the feud is	kardashians.
one celebrity family you would like to see play the feud is	osmonds.
one celebrity family you would like to see play the feud is	tom hanks.
one thing that needs time to warm-up is	car.
one thing that needs time to warm-up is	oven.
one thing that needs time to warm-up is	person.
one thing that needs time to warm-up is	food.
one thing that needs time to warm-up is	heater.
one thing specific that's hard to keep clean is	car.
one thing specific that's hard to keep clean is	oven.
one thing specific that's hard to keep clean is	floors.
one thing specific that's hard to keep clean is	bathroom.
one thing specific that's hard to keep clean is	white shoes.
one thing specific that's hard to keep clean is	carpet.
one thing specific that's hard to keep clean is	windows.
one thing specific that's hard to keep clean is	kitchen.
one thing you find at a carnival that comes on a stick is	cotton candy.
one thing you find at a carnival that comes on a stick is	corn dog.
one thing that might be called "foul" is	foul odor.
one thing that might be called "foul" is	poultry/fowl.
one thing that might be called "foul" is	"foul ball!".
one thing that might be called "foul" is	foul language.
one place people drag themselves to because they think it's good for them is	to church.
one place people drag themselves to because they think it's good for them is	to the gym.
one place people drag themselves to because they think it's good for them is	movies/theater.
one place people drag themselves to because they think it's good for them is	doctor's/hospital.
one place people drag themselves to because they think it's good for them is	to a spa.
one place people drag themselves to because they think it's good for them is	the dentist's.
one four letter word that's something every woman wants is	love.
one four letter word that's something every woman wants is	ring.
one four letter word that's something every woman wants is	cash.
one four letter word that's something every woman wants is	gold.
one four letter word that's something every woman wants is	shoe.
one thing people like to have with them when they go swimming is	towels.
one thing people like to have with them when they go swimming is	sunscreen.
one thing people like to have with them when they go swimming is	goggles.
one thing people like to have with them when they go swimming is	swimsuit.
one thing that might live in a crypt is	mummy.
one thing that might live in a crypt is	vampire.
one thing that might live in a crypt is	zombie.
one thing that might live in a crypt is	skeleton.
one thing that might live in a crypt is	bats.
one thing that might live in a crypt is	crypt keeper.
one thing that might live in a crypt is	ghost.
one thing that might live in a crypt is	spider.
one thing you hook up to a tv is	dvd's.
one thing you hook up to a tv is	cable.
one tool that you would use to build a bird house is	a hammer.
one tool that you would use to build a bird house is	saw.
one tool that you would use to build a bird house is	screwdriver.
one tool that you would use to build a bird house is	wrench.
one tool that you would use to build a bird house is	nails.
one specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters is	closet.
one specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters is	storage/supplies.
one specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters is	bathroom.
one specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters is	copy room.
one specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters is	stairwell.
one specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters is	conference room.
one specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters is	lunchroom/cafe.
one thing about cowboys that turns women on is	their hats.
one thing about cowboys that turns women on is	their tight jeans.
one thing about cowboys that turns women on is	their walk.
one thing about cowboys that turns women on is	macho/rugged look.
one thing about cowboys that turns women on is	their guns.
one profession that requires you to smile a lot is	model.
one profession that requires you to smile a lot is	waiter.
one profession that requires you to smile a lot is	customer service.
one profession that requires you to smile a lot is	receptionist.
one profession that requires you to smile a lot is	cashier.
one profession that requires you to smile a lot is	actor.
one musical instrument that a child prodigy might play is	piano.
one musical instrument that a child prodigy might play is	violin.
one musical instrument that a child prodigy might play is	flute.
one musical instrument that a child prodigy might play is	guitar.
one animal most men must have learned their eating habits from is	pig.
one animal most men must have learned their eating habits from is	dog.
one animal most men must have learned their eating habits from is	ape.
one animal most men must have learned their eating habits from is	bear.
one animal most men must have learned their eating habits from is	cow.
one animal most men must have learned their eating habits from is	horse.
one accessory kids put on their bikes is	horn.
one accessory kids put on their bikes is	basket.
one accessory kids put on their bikes is	stickers.
one accessory kids put on their bikes is	bell.
one accessory kids put on their bikes is	lights.
one accessory kids put on their bikes is	pegs.
one thing you might donate is	money.
one thing you might donate is	clothes.
one thing you might donate is	blood.
one thing you might donate is	kidney.
one thing you might donate is	heart.
one thing the rich and famous do for fun in the summer is	traveling.
one thing the rich and famous do for fun in the summer is	boating.
one thing the rich and famous do for fun in the summer is	cruise.
one thing the rich and famous do for fun in the summer is	go to the beach.
one profession that charges people just to talk to them is	psychiatrist.
one profession that charges people just to talk to them is	doctor.
one profession that charges people just to talk to them is	lawyer.
one profession that charges people just to talk to them is	psychic.
one profession that charges people just to talk to them is	financial advisor.
one thing you need when traveling overseas is	passport.
one thing you need when traveling overseas is	money.
one thing you need when traveling overseas is	clothes.
one thing you need when traveling overseas is	boat.
one hollywood bad boy is	charlie sheen.
one hollywood bad boy is	justin beiber.
one hollywood bad boy is	brad pitt.
one hollywood bad boy is	sean penn.
one hollywood bad boy is	colin farrell.
one hollywood bad boy is	johnny depp.
one outspoken tv news anchor is	barbara walters.
one outspoken tv news anchor is	bill maher.
one outspoken tv news anchor is	bill o'reilly.
one outspoken tv news anchor is	al roker.
one outspoken tv news anchor is	rush limbaugh.
one person or something that has wings is	bird.
one person or something that has wings is	airplane.
one person or something that has wings is	angel.
one person or something that has wings is	butterfly.
one person or something that has wings is	pegasus.
one profession in which it's more common for men to have long hair is	musician.
one profession in which it's more common for men to have long hair is	wrestler/athlete.
one profession in which it's more common for men to have long hair is	model.
one profession in which it's more common for men to have long hair is	artist.
one thing you have that you hope someday to get rid of is	excess weight.
one thing you have that you hope someday to get rid of is	bills/debt.
one thing you have that you hope someday to get rid of is	car.
one thing you have that you hope someday to get rid of is	junk/trash.
one thing you have that you hope someday to get rid of is	spouse/mate.
one thing you have that you hope someday to get rid of is	pain/ailments.
one thing kids buy at a college campus store is	books.
one thing kids buy at a college campus store is	clothes.
one thing kids buy at a college campus store is	pen.
one thing kids buy at a college campus store is	paper.
one thing kids buy at a college campus store is	notebooks.
one thing kids buy at a college campus store is	book bag.
one kind of wood used to make furniture is	oak.
one kind of wood used to make furniture is	pine.
one kind of wood used to make furniture is	cherry.
one kind of wood used to make furniture is	teak.
one kind of wood used to make furniture is	maple.
one kind of wood used to make furniture is	walnut.
one thing that needs to be kept in the fridge is	milk.
one thing that needs to be kept in the fridge is	mayonnaise.
one thing that needs to be kept in the fridge is	ice cream.
one thing that needs to be kept in the fridge is	red meat.
one word or phrase used to start a toast is	attention.
one word or phrase used to start a toast is	cheers.
one word or phrase used to start a toast is	congratulations.
one word or phrase used to start a toast is	excuse me.
one word or phrase used to start a toast is	ladies and gentlemen.
one sign you might see in an apartment leasing office that begins with the word "no" is	no pets.
one sign you might see in an apartment leasing office that begins with the word "no" is	no smoking.
one situation where you would eat at a fancy restaurant is	anniversary.
one situation where you would eat at a fancy restaurant is	birthday.
one situation where you would eat at a fancy restaurant is	date.
one situation where you would eat at a fancy restaurant is	graduation.
one thing people bring to a wedding is	gifts.
one thing people bring to a wedding is	camera.
one thing people bring to a wedding is	confetti.
one thing people bring to a wedding is	guest.
one thing people bring to a wedding is	cash.
one word that never fails to start a dog's tail wagging is	food.
one word that never fails to start a dog's tail wagging is	walk.
one word that never fails to start a dog's tail wagging is	hi.
one word that never fails to start a dog's tail wagging is	out.
one word that never fails to start a dog's tail wagging is	good.
one word that never fails to start a dog's tail wagging is	come.
one thing specific captain hook might ask for help with when getting dressed is	shirt buttons.
one thing specific captain hook might ask for help with when getting dressed is	pants zipper.
one thing specific captain hook might ask for help with when getting dressed is	his hook.
one thing specific captain hook might ask for help with when getting dressed is	tying shoes.
one thing you do for regular photos but not while posing for a driver's license is	smile.
one thing you do for regular photos but not while posing for a driver's license is	pose.
one thing you do for regular photos but not while posing for a driver's license is	dress up.
one thing you do for regular photos but not while posing for a driver's license is	stick out tongue.
one thing you do for regular photos but not while posing for a driver's license is	make faces.
one thing found in santa's workshop is	elves.
one thing found in santa's workshop is	toys.
one thing you use everyday is	toothbrush.
one thing you use everyday is	bathroom.
one thing you use everyday is	telephones.
one thing you use everyday is	car.
one thing you use everyday is	water.
one thing you use everyday is	soap.
one reason you might not answer the door if you were home is	use the bathroom.
one reason you might not answer the door if you were home is	sales person.
one reason you might not answer the door if you were home is	jehovas witness.
one reason you might not answer the door if you were home is	sleeping.
one reason you might not answer the door if you were home is	bill collector.
one thing you might say one person's body is shaped like is	pear.
one thing you might say one person's body is shaped like is	hourglass.
one thing you might say one person's body is shaped like is	coke bottle.
one thing you might say one person's body is shaped like is	apple.
one thing you might say one person's body is shaped like is	balloon.
one thing you might say one person's body is shaped like is	ball.
one thing you might say one person's body is shaped like is	house.
one member of the british royal family is	queen elizabeth.
one member of the british royal family is	prince charles.
one member of the british royal family is	prince william.
one member of the british royal family is	princess diana.
one member of the british royal family is	prince harry.
one member of the british royal family is	kate middleton.
one place where it would be fun to play hide and seek, but where you aren't allowed to is	grave yard.
one place where it would be fun to play hide and seek, but where you aren't allowed to is	shopping mall.
one place where it would be fun to play hide and seek, but where you aren't allowed to is	church.
one place where it would be fun to play hide and seek, but where you aren't allowed to is	schools.
one place where it would be fun to play hide and seek, but where you aren't allowed to is	department store.
one specific animal you think of when you're with a bunch of party animals is	monkey.
one specific animal you think of when you're with a bunch of party animals is	pig.
one specific animal you think of when you're with a bunch of party animals is	donkey.
one specific animal you think of when you're with a bunch of party animals is	dog.
one specific animal you think of when you're with a bunch of party animals is	hyena.
one specific animal you think of when you're with a bunch of party animals is	wolf.
one food item you might peel is	orange.
one food item you might peel is	banana.
one food item you might peel is	potato.
one food item you might peel is	apple.
one food item you might peel is	onion.
one way in which parents spy on their teenagers is	room.
one way in which parents spy on their teenagers is	emails.
one way in which parents spy on their teenagers is	facebook.
one way in which parents spy on their teenagers is	listen on phone.
one way in which parents spy on their teenagers is	mobile phone.
one way in which parents spy on their teenagers is	ask other people.
one way in which parents spy on their teenagers is	webcam.
one way in which parents spy on their teenagers is	baby monitor.
one thing you spread is	butter.
one thing you spread is	jam.
one thing you spread is	peanut butter.
one thing you spread is	germs.
one thing you spread is	the flu.
one thing you wish they'd get a new one of at the office is	photo copier.
one thing you wish they'd get a new one of at the office is	computer.
one thing you wish they'd get a new one of at the office is	boss.
one thing you wish they'd get a new one of at the office is	coffee maker.
one thing you wish they'd get a new one of at the office is	printer.
one thing you wish they'd get a new one of at the office is	chair.
one famous rock band from the 1960's is	the beatles.
one famous rock band from the 1960's is	rolling stones.
one famous rock band from the 1960's is	the doors.
one famous rock band from the 1960's is	sly and the fam.
one famous rock band from the 1960's is	the fortunes.
one famous rock band from the 1960's is	the greatful dead.
one reason one person might cancel a date is	sick.
one reason one person might cancel a date is	working.
one reason one person might cancel a date is	scared.
one reason one person might cancel a date is	no money.
one reason one person might cancel a date is	family emergency.
one thing parents choose for their kids when they're little but not when they're adults is	clothes.
one thing parents choose for their kids when they're little but not when they're adults is	food.
one thing parents choose for their kids when they're little but not when they're adults is	school.
one thing parents choose for their kids when they're little but not when they're adults is	friends.
one place married men go to temporarily escape from their wives is	bar.
one place married men go to temporarily escape from their wives is	golfing.
one place married men go to temporarily escape from their wives is	garage.
one place married men go to temporarily escape from their wives is	fishing.
one place married men go to temporarily escape from their wives is	gym.
one place married men go to temporarily escape from their wives is	bathroom.
one thing you might polish is	shoes.
one thing you might polish is	car.
one thing you might polish is	nails.
one thing you might polish is	silverware.
one thing you might polish is	furniture.
one country that gets a lot of visitors is	france.
one country that gets a lot of visitors is	usa.
one country that gets a lot of visitors is	united kingdom.
one country that gets a lot of visitors is	mexico.
one country that gets a lot of visitors is	italy.
one tennis player who is known around the world is	rafael nadal.
one tennis player who is known around the world is	venus williams.
one tennis player who is known around the world is	john mcenroe.
one tennis player who is known around the world is	roger federer.
one tennis player who is known around the world is	andrea agassi.
one thing the human body has lots of is	hair.
one thing the human body has lots of is	blood.
one thing the human body has lots of is	bones.
one thing the human body has lots of is	cells.
one thing the human body has lots of is	water.
one carribean island is	jamaica.
one carribean island is	bahamas.
one carribean island is	aruba.
one carribean island is	cuba.
one carribean island is	barbados.
one place you go so often, the people who work there know your name is	store.
one place you go so often, the people who work there know your name is	restaurant.
one place you go so often, the people who work there know your name is	church.
one place you go so often, the people who work there know your name is	bar.
one place you go so often, the people who work there know your name is	bank.
one place you go so often, the people who work there know your name is	doctor.
one thing a doctor does that a patient has to remain still for is	shot.
one thing a doctor does that a patient has to remain still for is	check vitals.
one thing a doctor does that a patient has to remain still for is	surgery.
one thing a doctor does that a patient has to remain still for is	examination.
one thing a doctor does that a patient has to remain still for is	x-rays.
one thing a doctor does that a patient has to remain still for is	draw blood.
one writer who everyone studied in high school is	shakespeare.
one writer who everyone studied in high school is	mark twain.
one writer who everyone studied in high school is	edgar allen poe.
one writer who everyone studied in high school is	charles dickens.
one writer who everyone studied in high school is	ernest hemingway.
one writer who everyone studied in high school is	j.d. salinger.
one cartoon character who gets yelled at often is	bugs bunny.
one cartoon character who gets yelled at often is	bart simpson.
one cartoon character who gets yelled at often is	daffy duck.
one cartoon character who gets yelled at often is	sylvester.
one cartoon character who gets yelled at often is	alvin.
one cartoon character who gets yelled at often is	charlie brown.
one thing people apply for is	job.
one thing people apply for is	credit card.
one thing people apply for is	loan.
one thing people apply for is	driver's license.
one thing people apply for is	welfare.
one thing people apply for is	passport.
one thing people apply for is	scholarship.
one thing you might see a firefighter carry is	a hose.
one thing you might see a firefighter carry is	an axe.
one thing you might see a firefighter carry is	a ladder.
one thing you might see a firefighter carry is	a victim.
one thing you might see a firefighter carry is	an oxygen tank.
the most effective one-word command is	stop.
the most effective one-word command is	no.
the most effective one-word command is	sit.
the most effective one-word command is	now.
the most effective one-word command is	come.
one reason you'd congratulate one person is	married/engaged.
one reason you'd congratulate one person is	job/promotion.
one reason you'd congratulate one person is	birth of baby.
one reason you'd congratulate one person is	graduation.
one reason you'd congratulate one person is	won something.
one reason you'd congratulate one person is	birthday.
one person who died for a cause is	marin l. king, jr..
one person who died for a cause is	jesus christ.
one person who died for a cause is	mahatma gandhi.
one person who died for a cause is	joan of arc.
one thing you might find on the menu at a barbecue restaurant is	ribs.
one thing you might find on the menu at a barbecue restaurant is	chicken.
one thing you might find on the menu at a barbecue restaurant is	pork.
one thing you might find on the menu at a barbecue restaurant is	baked beans.
one thing you might find on the menu at a barbecue restaurant is	french fries.
one thing you might find on the menu at a barbecue restaurant is	steak.
one thing you might replace after a divorce is	house.
one thing you might replace after a divorce is	spouse.
one thing you might replace after a divorce is	bed.
one thing you might replace after a divorce is	car.
one thing you might replace after a divorce is	furniture.
one animal that climbs a tree is	monkeys.
one animal that climbs a tree is	cats.
one animal that climbs a tree is	squirrels.
one animal that climbs a tree is	bears.
one animal magicians use in their act is	rabbit.
one animal magicians use in their act is	bird.
one animal magicians use in their act is	tiger.
one animal magicians use in their act is	seal.
one thing that changes from green to yellow is	traffic lights.
one thing that changes from green to yellow is	bananas.
one thing that changes from green to yellow is	leaves.
one thing that changes from green to yellow is	flowers.
one way a rock band might travel to a gig is	tour bus.
one way a rock band might travel to a gig is	train.
one way a rock band might travel to a gig is	van.
one way a rock band might travel to a gig is	car.
one way a rock band might travel to a gig is	limousine.
one way a rock band might travel to a gig is	airplane.
one vegetable kids hate to eat is	broccoli.
one vegetable kids hate to eat is	brussel sprouts.
one vegetable kids hate to eat is	pea.
one vegetable kids hate to eat is	spinach.
one vegetable kids hate to eat is	carrot.
one vegetable kids hate to eat is	green beans.
one us president whose name ends in "son" is	thomas jefferson.
one us president whose name ends in "son" is	andrew jackson.
one us president whose name ends in "son" is	lyndon b. johnson.
one us president whose name ends in "son" is	woodrow wilson.
one us president whose name ends in "son" is	james madison.
one us president whose name ends in "son" is	w. henry harrison.
one thing you may forget to turn off is	lights.
one thing you may forget to turn off is	oven.
one thing you may forget to turn off is	iron.
one thing you may forget to turn off is	television.
one thing you may forget to turn off is	heater.
one musical instrument you'd never find in an orchestra is	guitar.
one musical instrument you'd never find in an orchestra is	harmonica.
one musical instrument you'd never find in an orchestra is	banjo.
one musical instrument you'd never find in an orchestra is	drums.
one musical instrument you'd never find in an orchestra is	kazoo.
one musical instrument you'd never find in an orchestra is	accordion.
one thing a kid might have to do before he's allowed to watch tv is	homework.
one thing a kid might have to do before he's allowed to watch tv is	chores.
one thing a kid might have to do before he's allowed to watch tv is	eat dinner.
one thing a movie director might yell on set is	cut.
one thing a movie director might yell on set is	action.
one thing a movie director might yell on set is	quiet.
one thing a movie director might yell on set is	five.
one thing a movie director might yell on set is	take five.
one food that goes off quickly is	milk.
one food that goes off quickly is	fish.
one food that goes off quickly is	chicken.
one food that goes off quickly is	meat.
one food that goes off quickly is	cheese.
one food that goes off quickly is	bread.
one food that goes off quickly is	banana.
one food that goes off quickly is	cream.
one thing about a person that you might say is "smooth" is	skin.
one thing about a person that you might say is "smooth" is	voice.
one thing about a person that you might say is "smooth" is	hair.
one thing about a person that you might say is "smooth" is	walk.
one household chore you do standing up is	wash dishes.
one household chore you do standing up is	vacuuming.
one household chore you do standing up is	sweeping.
one household chore you do standing up is	mopping.
one household chore you do standing up is	ironing.
one household chore you do standing up is	cooking.
one complaint many women have about their husband's job is	hours/not home.
one complaint many women have about their husband's job is	not enough money.
one complaint many women have about their husband's job is	dirty/greasy.
one complaint many women have about their husband's job is	other females.
one thing at which many people fail the first time they try it is	driving test.
one thing at which many people fail the first time they try it is	riding a bike.
one thing at which many people fail the first time they try it is	dieting.
one thing at which many people fail the first time they try it is	cooking.
one thing at which many people fail the first time they try it is	sports.
one thing people fall into is	hole.
one thing people fall into is	love.
one thing people fall into is	well.
one thing people fall into is	pool.
one thing people fall into is	bed.
one thing people fall into is	ditch.
one thing that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of is	darkness.
one thing that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of is	falling.
one thing that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of is	snakes.
one thing that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of is	heights.
one thing that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of is	death.
one thing that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of is	fire.
one thing that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of is	water.
one thing that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of is	loud noise.
one thing that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of is	bugs.
one thing that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of is	pain.
one job that involved secrecy is	fbi agent.
one job that involved secrecy is	cia.
one job that involved secrecy is	lawyer.
one job that involved secrecy is	doctor.
one job that involved secrecy is	us president.
one thing that you sometimes don't bother to take off when you go to bed is	clothes/shoes.
one thing that you sometimes don't bother to take off when you go to bed is	jewelry.
one thing that you sometimes don't bother to take off when you go to bed is	makeup.
one thing that you sometimes don't bother to take off when you go to bed is	dentures.
one person you don't necessarily like, but are obligated to get along with is	in-law.
one person you don't necessarily like, but are obligated to get along with is	boss.
one person you don't necessarily like, but are obligated to get along with is	co-worker.
one person you don't necessarily like, but are obligated to get along with is	sibling.
one person you don't necessarily like, but are obligated to get along with is	neighbor.
one thing you do to pass time at work is	read.
one thing you do to pass time at work is	working.
one thing you do to pass time at work is	talk.
one thing you do to pass time at work is	internet.
one thing you do to pass time at work is	listen to music.
one thing you do to pass time at work is	text messages.
one thing barbie and britney have in common is	blonde.
one thing barbie and britney have in common is	dolls.
one thing barbie and britney have in common is	look plastic.
one thing barbie and britney have in common is	rich.
one thing barbie and britney have in common is	can't sing.
one thing that's hidden that kids try to find is	presents.
one thing that's hidden that kids try to find is	easter eggs.
one thing that's hidden that kids try to find is	candy.
one thing that's hidden that kids try to find is	cookies.
one thing that's hidden that kids try to find is	money.
one thing you can't do on an airplane is	smoke.
one thing you can't do on an airplane is	talk on the phone.
one thing you can't do on an airplane is	run.
one thing you can't do on an airplane is	dance.
one thing there's a shortage of in hospitals is	nurses.
one thing there's a shortage of in hospitals is	doctors.
one thing there's a shortage of in hospitals is	beds.
one thing there's a shortage of in hospitals is	blood.
one thing there's a shortage of in hospitals is	medicine.
one thing there's a shortage of in hospitals is	good food.
one thing there's a shortage of in hospitals is	food.
one place where you can hide something is	under the bed.
one place where you can hide something is	closets.
one place where you can hide something is	drawer.
one place where you can hide something is	safe.
one way people like to have their steak is	well done.
one way people like to have their steak is	medium rare.
one way people like to have their steak is	rare.
one way people like to have their steak is	bbq.
one thing an obnoxious driver does is	cuts you off.
one thing an obnoxious driver does is	obscene gesture.
one thing an obnoxious driver does is	honks the horn.
one thing an obnoxious driver does is	yells/hollers.
one thing an obnoxious driver does is	weaves in and out.
one thing an obnoxious driver does is	tail gates.
one thing an obnoxious driver does is	speeds.
one person famous for helping the poor is	mother teresa.
one person famous for helping the poor is	oprah winfrey.
one person famous for helping the poor is	jimmy carter.
one person famous for helping the poor is	princess diana.
one person famous for helping the poor is	bill gates.
one person famous for helping the poor is	angelina jolie.
one thing the wealthy have is	money.
one thing the wealthy have is	mansion.
one thing the wealthy have is	nice car.
one thing the wealthy have is	yacht.
one fruit you can buy in the frozen food section is	strawberries.
one fruit you can buy in the frozen food section is	blueberries.
one thing people like to lie beside is	significant other.
one thing people like to lie beside is	pet.
one thing people like to lie beside is	stuffed animal.
one thing people like to lie beside is	radio.
one thing people like to lie beside is	fireplace.
one body part a pirate might be missing is	leg.
one body part a pirate might be missing is	eye.
one body part a pirate might be missing is	hand.
one body part a pirate might be missing is	arm.
one thing passengers on an airplane are told before take off is	buckle seat belt.
one thing passengers on an airplane are told before take off is	emergency exit.
one thing passengers on an airplane are told before take off is	turn off phone.
one thing passengers on an airplane are told before take off is	no smoking.
one thing you hate to be 'out of order' is	bathroom.
one thing you hate to be 'out of order' is	atm.
one thing you hate to be 'out of order' is	elevator.
one thing you hate to be 'out of order' is	vending machine.
one thing you hate to be 'out of order' is	house.
one thing you hate to be 'out of order' is	files.
one time-honored tradition that fans observe at baseball games is	national anth.
one time-honored tradition that fans observe at baseball games is	national anthem.
one time-honored tradition that fans observe at baseball games is	seventh inning stretch.
one time-honored tradition that fans observe at baseball games is	eating hot dogs.
one time-honored tradition that fans observe at baseball games is	cheering.
one thing pirates may do when they are bored is	drink.
one thing pirates may do when they are bored is	sing.
one thing pirates may do when they are bored is	sleep.
one thing pirates may do when they are bored is	fight.
one thing pirates may do when they are bored is	play cards.
one way you can tell if one person is lying is	eyes.
one way you can tell if one person is lying is	stuttering.
one way you can tell if one person is lying is	sweating.
one way you can tell if one person is lying is	halting.
one way you can tell if one person is lying is	chattering.
one way you can tell if one person is lying is	hesitating.
one thing on an elephant that's huge is	trunk.
one thing on an elephant that's huge is	ears.
one thing on an elephant that's huge is	tusks.
one thing on an elephant that's huge is	body.
one thing on an elephant that's huge is	head.
one breed of dog a man would be embarrassed to admit he's afraid of is	poodle.
one breed of dog a man would be embarrassed to admit he's afraid of is	chihuahua.
one breed of dog a man would be embarrassed to admit he's afraid of is	shihtzu.
one breed of dog a man would be embarrassed to admit he's afraid of is	pitbull.
one breed of dog a man would be embarrassed to admit he's afraid of is	yorkshire ter.
one breed of dog a man would be embarrassed to admit he's afraid of is	pekingese.
one expense that's much bigger if you have kids is	grocery bill.
one expense that's much bigger if you have kids is	clothes.
one expense that's much bigger if you have kids is	travel.
one situation where you would use a map is	traveling.
one situation where you would use a map is	lost.
one situation where you would use a map is	driving.
one situation where you would use a map is	vacation.
one situation where you would use a map is	asking direction.
one thing people fall from is	ladder.
one thing people fall from is	steps/stairs.
one thing people fall from is	tree.
one thing people fall from is	grace.
one thing you beat is	eggs.
one thing you beat is	drums.
one thing you beat is	rugs.
one thing you beat is	games.
one thing you would not want to happen while stuck in traffic is	need the bathroom.
one thing you would not want to happen while stuck in traffic is	run out of gas.
one thing you would not want to happen while stuck in traffic is	break down.
one thing you would not want to happen while stuck in traffic is	car accident.
one thing you would not want to happen while stuck in traffic is	flat tire.
one thing that begins with "march of _____" is	dimes.
one thing that begins with "march of _____" is	the penguins.
one thing that begins with "march of _____" is	time.
one thing that begins with "march of _____" is	wooden soldiers.
one thing that begins with "march of _____" is	the ants.
now that phone booths are a thing of the past one might clark kent go into to become superman is	bathroom.
now that phone booths are a thing of the past one might clark kent go into to become superman is	dressing room/store.
now that phone booths are a thing of the past one might clark kent go into to become superman is	his car.
now that phone booths are a thing of the past one might clark kent go into to become superman is	subway.
now that phone booths are a thing of the past one might clark kent go into to become superman is	elevator.
now that phone booths are a thing of the past one might clark kent go into to become superman is	restaurant.
one occupation whose workers might be offered a bribe is	police officer.
one occupation whose workers might be offered a bribe is	politician.
one occupation whose workers might be offered a bribe is	city inspector.
one occupation whose workers might be offered a bribe is	lawyer.
one occupation whose workers might be offered a bribe is	contractor.
one occupation whose workers might be offered a bribe is	athlete.
one thing you might find in an igloo is	eskimos.
one thing you might find in an igloo is	ice.
one thing you open other than a door is	cans.
one thing you open other than a door is	envelopes.
one thing you open other than a door is	presents.
one thing you open other than a door is	refrigerators.
one thing you open other than a door is	eyes.
one thing that you might find on your car windshield is	parking ticket.
one thing that you might find on your car windshield is	flyers/ads.
one thing that you might find on your car windshield is	bird droppings.
one thing that you might find on your car windshield is	windsheild wipers.
one thing that you might find on your car windshield is	stickers/decals.
one thing that you might find on your car windshield is	insects.
one title of royalty that is also a name for a dog is	prince.
one title of royalty that is also a name for a dog is	duke.
one title of royalty that is also a name for a dog is	king.
one title of royalty that is also a name for a dog is	princess.
one title of royalty that is also a name for a dog is	queen.
one title of royalty that is also a name for a dog is	duchess.
one thing funny one person could do to the family photo is	stick tongue out.
one thing funny one person could do to the family photo is	make funny face.
one thing funny one person could do to the family photo is	bunny ears.
one thing funny one person could do to the family photo is	flip the bird.
one thing funny one person could do to the family photo is	photobomb.
one thing funny one person could do to the family photo is	costume.
one thing new mothers spend most of their time doing is	changing diapers.
one thing new mothers spend most of their time doing is	feed/nursing baby.
one thing new mothers spend most of their time doing is	hold/rocking baby.
one thing new mothers spend most of their time doing is	doing laundry.
one thing new mothers spend most of their time doing is	babysitting.
one reason you might not answer the door when you're home is	using the bathroom.
one reason you might not answer the door when you're home is	sales person.
one reason you might not answer the door when you're home is	jehovah's witness.
one reason you might not answer the door when you're home is	sleeping.
one reason you might not answer the door when you're home is	bill collector.
your favorite beatles song is	hey jude.
your favorite beatles song is	yellow submarine.
your favorite beatles song is	let it be.
your favorite beatles song is	yesterday.
your favorite beatles song is	i want to hold you.
one thing a woman might get more of just because she's incredibly good looking is	attention.
one thing a woman might get more of just because she's incredibly good looking is	men.
one thing a woman might get more of just because she's incredibly good looking is	money.
one thing a woman might get more of just because she's incredibly good looking is	gifts.
one thing a woman might get more of just because she's incredibly good looking is	compliments.
one thing a woman might get more of just because she's incredibly good looking is	love.
one thing you'd re-evaluate about your life after winning the lottery is	career.
one thing you'd re-evaluate about your life after winning the lottery is	friends.
one thing you'd re-evaluate about your life after winning the lottery is	house.
one thing you'd re-evaluate about your life after winning the lottery is	car.
one thing a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live is	pass gas.
one thing a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live is	fall.
one thing a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live is	bad weather.
one thing a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live is	sneeze.
one thing a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live is	say a swear.
one thing a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live is	say wrong word.
one thing a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live is	tech difficulties.
one thing two dogs might fight over is	bone.
one thing two dogs might fight over is	food.
one thing two dogs might fight over is	dog.
one thing two dogs might fight over is	ball.
one thing two dogs might fight over is	treat.
one good gift for one person who takes a lot of photographs is	film.
one good gift for one person who takes a lot of photographs is	camera.
one good gift for one person who takes a lot of photographs is	album.
one thing to which a lot of kids seem almost addicted is	computer/games.
one thing to which a lot of kids seem almost addicted is	candy/junk food.
one thing to which a lot of kids seem almost addicted is	television.
one thing to which a lot of kids seem almost addicted is	music.
one thing that there never seems to be enough of at your house is	money.
one thing that there never seems to be enough of at your house is	food.
one thing that there never seems to be enough of at your house is	soft drinks.
one thing that there never seems to be enough of at your house is	time.
one thing that there never seems to be enough of at your house is	toilet paper.
one thing you can do to mess up when you take one person's picture is	finger in shutter.
one thing you can do to mess up when you take one person's picture is	move.
one thing you can do to mess up when you take one person's picture is	forget to take.
one thing you can do to mess up when you take one person's picture is	cut heads off.
one thing you can do to mess up when you take one person's picture is	no film in camera.
one thing you can do to mess up when you take one person's picture is	out of focus.
one fruit you could still eat if you didn't have any teeth is	banana.
one fruit you could still eat if you didn't have any teeth is	grape.
one fruit you could still eat if you didn't have any teeth is	peach.
one fruit you could still eat if you didn't have any teeth is	kiwi.
one fruit you could still eat if you didn't have any teeth is	watermelon.
one fruit you could still eat if you didn't have any teeth is	cherry.
one animal you might see if you visited the rain forest is	monkey.
one animal you might see if you visited the rain forest is	snake.
one animal you might see if you visited the rain forest is	parrot.
one animal you might see if you visited the rain forest is	frog.
one animal you might see if you visited the rain forest is	crocodile.
one occupation in which you'd have to get used to kids being afraid of you is	clown.
one occupation in which you'd have to get used to kids being afraid of you is	teacher.
one occupation in which you'd have to get used to kids being afraid of you is	doctor.
one occupation in which you'd have to get used to kids being afraid of you is	police.
one occupation in which you'd have to get used to kids being afraid of you is	principal.
one thing specific about a woman that gives her her own style is	her hairstyle.
one thing specific about a woman that gives her her own style is	her clothes.
one thing specific about a woman that gives her her own style is	her personality.
one thing specific about a woman that gives her her own style is	her walk.
one thing specific about a woman that gives her her own style is	her smile.
one thing specific about a woman that gives her her own style is	her perfume.
one thing that a person with good luck has probably had happen to them is	won the lottery.
one thing that a person with good luck has probably had happen to them is	found money.
one thing that a person with good luck has probably had happen to them is	met true love.
one thing that a person with good luck has probably had happen to them is	got a great job.
one thing you do not like to do in front of your spouse is	use bathroom.
one thing you do not like to do in front of your spouse is	fart.
one thing you do not like to do in front of your spouse is	flirt.
one thing you do not like to do in front of your spouse is	burp.
one thing that makes a sound when you open it is	soft drink.
one thing that makes a sound when you open it is	car door.
one thing that makes a sound when you open it is	house door.
one thing that makes a sound when you open it is	canned food.
one thing that makes a sound when you open it is	refrigerator door.
one thing that makes a sound when you open it is	jack in the box.
one thing that makes a sound when you open it is	champagne.
one thing that makes a sound when you open it is	music box.
one thing a stay-at-home parent might miss about working a regular job is	paycheck.
one thing a stay-at-home parent might miss about working a regular job is	friends/coworkers.
one thing a stay-at-home parent might miss about working a regular job is	dressing up.
one thing a stay-at-home parent might miss about working a regular job is	out of the house.
one thing you need to play a game of ping-pong is	racket.
one thing you need to play a game of ping-pong is	ball.
one thing a construction worker often uses is	a hammer.
one thing a construction worker often uses is	hard hat.
one thing a construction worker often uses is	bull dozer.
one thing a construction worker often uses is	crane.
one thing a construction worker often uses is	drill.
one thing that people hide is	money.
one thing that people hide is	age.
one thing that people hide is	feelings.
one thing that people hide is	past.
one thing that people hide is	pregnancy.
one thing that people hide is	jewelry.
one job that requires using the telephone a lot is	sales.
one job that requires using the telephone a lot is	operator.
one job that requires using the telephone a lot is	receptionist.
one job that requires using the telephone a lot is	secretary.
one job that requires using the telephone a lot is	phone polling.
one thing people do with their fingernails is	bite.
one thing people do with their fingernails is	paint.
one thing people do with their fingernails is	clip.
one thing people do with their fingernails is	polish.
one thing people do with their fingernails is	file.
one thing people buy where "bigger is better" is	vehicles.
one thing people buy where "bigger is better" is	food.
one thing people buy where "bigger is better" is	clothes.
one thing people buy where "bigger is better" is	television.
one thing people buy where "bigger is better" is	homes.
one thing people buy where "bigger is better" is	toilet paper.
one christmas song you know most of the words to is	jingle bells.
one christmas song you know most of the words to is	silent night.
one christmas song you know most of the words to is	white christmas.
one christmas song you know most of the words to is	santa coming town.
one christmas song you know most of the words to is	red nose reindeer.
one person you would be embarrassed to curse in front of is	priest.
one person you would be embarrassed to curse in front of is	parents.
one person you would be embarrassed to curse in front of is	grandmother.
one person you would be embarrassed to curse in front of is	teacher.
one person you would be embarrassed to curse in front of is	a crush.
one time that might be proudest moment in a person's life is	giving birth.
one time that might be proudest moment in a person's life is	graduation.
one time that might be proudest moment in a person's life is	marriage.
one time that might be proudest moment in a person's life is	new job.
one time that might be proudest moment in a person's life is	buying a house.
one thing people say is on the house is	drink.
one thing people say is on the house is	dessert/meal.
one thing people say is on the house is	address.
one thing people say is on the house is	chimney.
one thing people say is on the house is	roof.
one thing you would need in order to play a game of basketball is	basketball.
one thing you would need in order to play a game of basketball is	hoop.
one thing you would need in order to play a game of basketball is	players.
one thing you would need in order to play a game of basketball is	court.
one thing you would need in order to play a game of basketball is	shoes.
one us city you would not like to live in is	new york city.
one us city you would not like to live in is	detroit.
one us city you would not like to live in is	chicago.
one us city you would not like to live in is	los angeles.
one thing you hope doesn't break down while you're inside of it is	car.
one thing you hope doesn't break down while you're inside of it is	airplanes.
one thing you hope doesn't break down while you're inside of it is	elevator.
one thing you hope doesn't break down while you're inside of it is	roller coaster.
one thing a woman does for beauty that a man also does is	haircut/styled.
one thing a woman does for beauty that a man also does is	shaves.
one thing a woman does for beauty that a man also does is	bathes/showers.
one thing a woman does for beauty that a man also does is	gets facial/mask.
one thing a woman does for beauty that a man also does is	uses face cream.
one thing a woman does for beauty that a man also does is	manicure/pedicure.
one famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong is	oprah winfrey.
one famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong is	martha stewart.
one famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong is	hillary clinton.
one famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong is	laura bush.
one famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong is	roseanne.
one famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong is	barbara walters.
one famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong is	rosie o'donnell.
one thing that people hang outside is	clothes.
one thing that people hang outside is	plants.
one thing that people hang outside is	flag.
one thing that people hang outside is	lights.
one thing that people hang outside is	wind chimes.
one thing that people hang outside is	welcome mats.
one place where kids are told to hold their parent's hand is	crossing the street.
one place where kids are told to hold their parent's hand is	mall.
one place where kids are told to hold their parent's hand is	parking lot.
one place where kids are told to hold their parent's hand is	amusement park.
one thing people often say to each other but really don't mean is	have a nice day.
one thing people often say to each other but really don't mean is	how are you.
one thing people often say to each other but really don't mean is	i hate you.
one thing people often say to each other but really don't mean is	i love you.
one thing people often say to each other but really don't mean is	i'm glad to see you.
one thing people often say to each other but really don't mean is	you look great.
one thing people often say to each other but really don't mean is	i'm fine.
one thing people often say to each other but really don't mean is	i'm sorry.
one thing people often say to each other but really don't mean is	come see me.
one thing people often say to each other but really don't mean is	i'll call.
one place parents should not be allowed to bring babies is	movies.
one place parents should not be allowed to bring babies is	church.
one place parents should not be allowed to bring babies is	restaurant.
one place parents should not be allowed to bring babies is	work.
one place parents should not be allowed to bring babies is	concerts.
one place parents should not be allowed to bring babies is	store.
one football player position is	striker.
one football player position is	goalie.
one football player position is	midfielder.
one football player position is	defender.
one thing you dunk is	basketball.
one thing you dunk is	cookies.
one thing you dunk is	donuts.
one thing you dunk is	chicken nuggets.
one thing you dunk is	trash.
one thing you dunk is	chips.
one thing you would expect to find in heaven is	angels.
one thing you would expect to find in heaven is	god.
one thing you would expect to find in heaven is	jesus.
one thing you would expect to find in heaven is	heavenly gates.
one thing you would expect to find in heaven is	family.
one thing people have autographed is	photos.
one thing people have autographed is	chest.
one thing people have autographed is	books.
one thing people have autographed is	t-shirt.
one thing people have autographed is	poster.
one thing people have autographed is	hat.
one thing that makes music is	stereo.
one thing that makes music is	piano.
one thing that makes music is	music box.
one thing you do while driving, even though you know it's wrong is	talk on phone.
one thing you do while driving, even though you know it's wrong is	eat/drink.
one thing you do while driving, even though you know it's wrong is	speed.
one thing you do while driving, even though you know it's wrong is	not use seatbelt.
one thing you do while driving, even though you know it's wrong is	smoke cigarette.
one thing you do while driving, even though you know it's wrong is	don't use signals.
one word or phrase that has the word "sponge" in it is	spongebob...pants.
one word or phrase that has the word "sponge" in it is	sponge cake.
one word or phrase that has the word "sponge" in it is	sponge bath.
one word or phrase that has the word "sponge" in it is	sponge off people.
one word or phrase that has the word "sponge" in it is	sponge mop.
one word or phrase that has the word "sponge" in it is	kitchen sponge.
one thing parents teach their kids in order to keep them safe is	stranger danger.
one thing parents teach their kids in order to keep them safe is	look both ways.
one thing parents teach their kids in order to keep them safe is	911.
one thing parents teach their kids in order to keep them safe is	address/phone num.
one thing you'd expect to find in paris hilton's purse is	money/credit card.
one thing you'd expect to find in paris hilton's purse is	makeup.
one thing you'd expect to find in paris hilton's purse is	condoms.
one thing you'd expect to find in paris hilton's purse is	cell phone.
one thing you'd expect to find in paris hilton's purse is	keys.
one thing that twins share is	clothes.
one thing that twins share is	bedroom.
one thing that twins share is	parents.
one thing that twins share is	thoughts.
one thing that twins share is	friendship.
one thing that twins share is	looks.
one thing a diver might look for underwater is	marine animals.
one thing a diver might look for underwater is	treasure.
one thing a diver might look for underwater is	shells.
one thing a diver might look for underwater is	missing person.
one thing a diver might look for underwater is	sunken ship.
one thing a tourist visits in washington, dc is	washington monument.
one thing a tourist visits in washington, dc is	white house.
one thing that might come out early is	baby.
one thing that might come out early is	sun.
one thing that might come out early is	bud.
one thing that might come out early is	bird.
one thing that might come out early is	stars.
one thing that might come out early is	moon.
one thing that might come out early is	newspaper.
one thing the oldest child gets more of than the other kids in the family is	attention.
one thing the oldest child gets more of than the other kids in the family is	money.
one thing the oldest child gets more of than the other kids in the family is	responsibilities.
one thing the oldest child gets more of than the other kids in the family is	clothes.
one thing the oldest child gets more of than the other kids in the family is	discipline.
one thing the oldest child gets more of than the other kids in the family is	dessert.
one thing you'd buy at a bakery for christmas is	cookies.
one thing you'd buy at a bakery for christmas is	cake.
one thing you'd buy at a bakery for christmas is	pie.
one movie about magic is	harry potter.
one movie about magic is	hocus pocus.
one movie about magic is	cinderella.
one movie about magic is	now you see me.
one movie about magic is	practical magic.
one thing you'd hate to discover your house was built on top of is	graveyard.
one thing you'd hate to discover your house was built on top of is	dump.
one thing you'd hate to discover your house was built on top of is	toxic waste.
one thing you'd hate to discover your house was built on top of is	swamp.
one thing you'd hate to discover your house was built on top of is	sinkhole.
one thing you'd hate to discover your house was built on top of is	volcano.
one famous person who's known for giving advice is	dr. phil.
one famous person who's known for giving advice is	dear abby.
one famous person who's known for giving advice is	dr. ruth.
one famous person who's known for giving advice is	oprah winfrey.
one thing that happens to your body when you get really angry is	turns red.
one thing that happens to your body when you get really angry is	sweats.
one thing that happens to your body when you get really angry is	shakes.
one thing that happens to your body when you get really angry is	gets warm.
one thing that happens to your body when you get really angry is	tenses up.
one thing that happens to your body when you get really angry is	high blood pressure.
one thing that always ends up costing more money than you expect it to is	auto machanic.
one thing that always ends up costing more money than you expect it to is	food.
one thing that always ends up costing more money than you expect it to is	home renovations.
one thing that always ends up costing more money than you expect it to is	clothes.
one thing that always ends up costing more money than you expect it to is	vacations.
one thing that always ends up costing more money than you expect it to is	medical visits.
one kind of race that is hard to predict is	horse racing.
one kind of race that is hard to predict is	political race.
one kind of race that is hard to predict is	nascar.
one kind of race that is hard to predict is	rat race.
one kind of race that is hard to predict is	the human race.
one kind of race that is hard to predict is	dog race.
one kind of race that is hard to predict is	turtle race.
one place in the house where people hide their money is	under mattress.
one place in the house where people hide their money is	freezer.
one place in the house where people hide their money is	drawer.
one place in the house where people hide their money is	vault.
one place in the house where people hide their money is	coffee can.
one thing a child outgrows is	clothes.
one thing a child outgrows is	shoes.
one thing a child outgrows is	toys.
one thing a child outgrows is	being scared of the dark.
one thing a child outgrows is	bed wetting.
one form of transportation only a rich person could own is	private jet.
one form of transportation only a rich person could own is	limo.
one form of transportation only a rich person could own is	boat.
hollywood's hottest couple is	brad & angelina.
hollywood's hottest couple is	will & jada.
hollywood's hottest couple is	tom & katie.
hollywood's hottest couple is	nick & jessica.
hollywood's hottest couple is	ashton & demi.
one breed of dog that a macho man would never buy is	poodle.
one breed of dog that a macho man would never buy is	chihuahua.
one breed of dog that a macho man would never buy is	pomeranian.
one breed of dog that a macho man would never buy is	shihtzu.
one breed of dog that a macho man would never buy is	yorkie.
one breed of dog that a macho man would never buy is	pekingese.
one artist whose paintings sell for millions is	vincent van gogh.
one artist whose paintings sell for millions is	pablo picasso.
one artist whose paintings sell for millions is	michelangelo.
one artist whose paintings sell for millions is	monet.
one artist whose paintings sell for millions is	rembrandt.
one artist whose paintings sell for millions is	da vinci.
one occupation in which a man would probably have to wear a tie every day is	lawyer.
one occupation in which a man would probably have to wear a tie every day is	banker.
one occupation in which a man would probably have to wear a tie every day is	ceo.
one occupation in which a man would probably have to wear a tie every day is	salesman.
one kind of place where you sit waiting for your name to be called is	doctor's office.
one kind of place where you sit waiting for your name to be called is	dmv.
one kind of place where you sit waiting for your name to be called is	restaurant.
one kind of place where you sit waiting for your name to be called is	hospital.
one kind of place where you sit waiting for your name to be called is	graduation.
one kind of place where you sit waiting for your name to be called is	school.
one thing people will always remember about farrah fawcett is	blonde.
one thing people will always remember about farrah fawcett is	charlie's angles.
one thing people will always remember about farrah fawcett is	pin-up poster.
one thing people will always remember about farrah fawcett is	looks.
one thing people will always remember about farrah fawcett is	actress.
one thing people will always remember about farrah fawcett is	brave.
one thing you might find in a closet is	clothes.
one thing you might find in a closet is	safe.
one thing you might find in a closet is	hangers.
one thing you might find in a closet is	shelves.
one thing you might celebrate in the summer is	fourth of july.
one thing you might celebrate in the summer is	birthday.
one thing you might celebrate in the summer is	wedding.
one thing you might celebrate in the summer is	vacation.
one thing that might unexpectedly fly open is	door.
one thing that might unexpectedly fly open is	zipper.
one thing that might unexpectedly fly open is	shirt.
one thing that might unexpectedly fly open is	car trunk.
one food you can smell when it's cooking is	cabbage.
one food you can smell when it's cooking is	onions.
one food you can smell when it's cooking is	fish.
one food you can smell when it's cooking is	spaghetti.
one food you can smell when it's cooking is	bacon.
one food you can smell when it's cooking is	turkey.
one food you can smell when it's cooking is	bread.
one food you can smell when it's cooking is	chicken.
one food you can smell when it's cooking is	cookies.
one food you can smell when it's cooking is	popcorn.
one food you can smell when it's cooking is	pizza.
one food you can smell when it's cooking is	hamburger.
one thing, real or imaginary, that might frighten a little kid is	ghost.
one thing, real or imaginary, that might frighten a little kid is	monster.
one thing, real or imaginary, that might frighten a little kid is	boogie man.
one thing, real or imaginary, that might frighten a little kid is	noises.
one thing, real or imaginary, that might frighten a little kid is	dark.
one thing, real or imaginary, that might frighten a little kid is	costume.
one thing you bake is	cake.
one thing you bake is	cookies.
one thing you bake is	pie.
one thing you bake is	brownies.
one thing you bake is	bread.
one thing you do when you are scared is	call 911.
one thing you do when you are scared is	hide.
one thing you do when you are scared is	turn lights on.
one thing you do when you are scared is	pee.
one thing you do when you are scared is	run away.
one public place where you can cry without feeling embarrassed is	place of worship.
one public place where you can cry without feeling embarrassed is	bathroom.
one public place where you can cry without feeling embarrassed is	movie/theater.
one public place where you can cry without feeling embarrassed is	funeral home.
one public place where you can cry without feeling embarrassed is	park.
one public place where you can cry without feeling embarrassed is	hospital.
one thing in the house that is very difficult to move is	refrigerator.
one thing in the house that is very difficult to move is	piano.
one thing in the house that is very difficult to move is	couch.
one thing in the house that is very difficult to move is	bed.
one thing in the house that is very difficult to move is	dresser.
one thing in the house that is very difficult to move is	tv.
one thing in the house that is very difficult to move is	stove.
one thing you should get rid of when it stops working is	car.
one thing you should get rid of when it stops working is	spouse.
one thing you should get rid of when it stops working is	television.
one thing you should get rid of when it stops working is	clock.
one thing you should get rid of when it stops working is	refrigerator.
one thing you should get rid of when it stops working is	computer.
one phrase that begins with the words, "top of the" is	morning.
one phrase that begins with the words, "top of the" is	world.
one phrase that begins with the words, "top of the" is	hill.
one phrase that begins with the words, "top of the" is	line.
one phrase that begins with the words, "top of the" is	mountain.
one phrase that begins with the words, "top of the" is	class.
on family feud one thing the host asks players about is	family.
on family feud one thing the host asks players about is	name.
on family feud one thing the host asks players about is	job.
on family feud one thing the host asks players about is	age.
on family feud one thing the host asks players about is	hometown.
other than cowboyone profession you often see in cowboy movies is	sheriff.
other than cowboyone profession you often see in cowboy movies is	bartender.
other than cowboyone profession you often see in cowboy movies is	rancher.
other than cowboyone profession you often see in cowboy movies is	doctor.
other than clothing store, one type of business you find in a mall is	restaurant.
other than clothing store, one type of business you find in a mall is	shoe store.
other than clothing store, one type of business you find in a mall is	jewelry.
other than clothing store, one type of business you find in a mall is	cell phone.
other than clothing store, one type of business you find in a mall is	music store.
other than clothing store, one type of business you find in a mall is	pet store.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how good are you at keeping a secret? A:	10.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how good are you at keeping a secret? A:	5.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how good are you at keeping a secret? A:	8.
Q: on a scale from 1-10, how good are you at keeping a secret? A:	9.
other than speeding one reason a cop might pull you over is	light out.
other than speeding one reason a cop might pull you over is	swerving.
other than speeding one reason a cop might pull you over is	failure to stop.
other than speeding one reason a cop might pull you over is	no seatbelt.
other than working one thing you could stop doing if you became a millionaire is	cleaning.
other than working one thing you could stop doing if you became a millionaire is	driving.
other than working one thing you could stop doing if you became a millionaire is	cooking.
other than working one thing you could stop doing if you became a millionaire is	worrying.
other than working one thing you could stop doing if you became a millionaire is	saving.
other than sitting and watching, one thing people do in front of the tv is	eat.
other than sitting and watching, one thing people do in front of the tv is	sleep.
other than sitting and watching, one thing people do in front of the tv is	dance.
other than sitting and watching, one thing people do in front of the tv is	yell.
on a dating website one activity do people often list as a pastime is	reading.
on a dating website one activity do people often list as a pastime is	sports.
on a dating website one activity do people often list as a pastime is	dancing.
on a dating website one activity do people often list as a pastime is	hiking.
on a dating website one activity do people often list as a pastime is	watching movies.
other than work, one thing you often find yourself talking to co-workers about is	family.
other than work, one thing you often find yourself talking to co-workers about is	relationships.
other than work, one thing you often find yourself talking to co-workers about is	sports.
other than work, one thing you often find yourself talking to co-workers about is	weather.
other than work, one thing you often find yourself talking to co-workers about is	tv.
other than work, one thing you often find yourself talking to co-workers about is	weekend.
Q: other than to buy books why might one person go to a bookstore? A:	read.
Q: other than to buy books why might one person go to a bookstore? A:	coffee.
Q: other than to buy books why might one person go to a bookstore? A:	socialize.
other than love one word thats in almost every love song is	heart.
other than love one word thats in almost every love song is	baby.
other than love one word thats in almost every love song is	kiss.
other than love one word thats in almost every love song is	forever.
Q: on an average night how long does it take you to fall asleep? A:	1 hour.
Q: on an average night how long does it take you to fall asleep? A:	10 minutes.
Q: of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner? A:	oprah winfrey.
Q: of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner? A:	jerry springer.
Q: of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner? A:	jenny jones.
Q: of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner? A:	montel williams.
Q: of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner? A:	jay leno.
Q: of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner? A:	jullian barberie.
Q: of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner? A:	ricki lake.
other than their bedroom one thing a teenager has that might be messy is	car.
other than their bedroom one thing a teenager has that might be messy is	locker.
other than their bedroom one thing a teenager has that might be messy is	hair.
other than a baby, one thing you'd see in a crib is	toy.
other than a baby, one thing you'd see in a crib is	blanket.
other than a baby, one thing you'd see in a crib is	rattle.
other than a baby, one thing you'd see in a crib is	pet.
other than a baby, one thing you'd see in a crib is	pillow.
other than a baby, one thing you'd see in a crib is	bumber pads.
past or present one famous singing duo is	sonnyand cher.
past or present one famous singing duo is	the judds.
past or present one famous singing duo is	the osmonds.
past or present one famous singing duo is	ike and tina turner.
past or present one famous singing duo is	the carpenters.
past or present one famous singing duo is	simon and garfunkle.
past or present one famous singing duo is	captain and tennille.
past or present, one woman famous for being well-dressed is	jackie kennedy.
past or present, one woman famous for being well-dressed is	aubrey hepburn.
past or present, one woman famous for being well-dressed is	michelle obama.
past or present, one woman famous for being well-dressed is	princess diana.
past or present, one woman famous for being well-dressed is	coco chanel.
past or present, one woman famous for being well-dressed is	queen elizabeth.
Q: people eat animals tell me an animal that's been known to eat people? A:	alligator.
Q: people eat animals tell me an animal that's been known to eat people? A:	shark.
Q: people eat animals tell me an animal that's been known to eat people? A:	lion.
Q: people eat animals tell me an animal that's been known to eat people? A:	tiger.
past or present, one specific ride at disneyland or disney world is	space mountain.
past or present, one specific ride at disneyland or disney world is	...small world.
past or present, one specific ride at disneyland or disney world is	tea party/cups.
past or present, one specific ride at disneyland or disney world is	tower of terror.
past or present, one specific ride at disneyland or disney world is	pirates of carib..
past or present, one specific ride at disneyland or disney world is	the rocket/jets.
past or present, one specific ride at disneyland or disney world is	matterhorn.
past or present,  one person famous whose first  is elizabeth is	elizabeth taylor.
past or present,  one person famous whose first  is elizabeth is	queen elizabeth.
past or present,  one person famous whose first  is elizabeth is	elizabeth arden.
past or present,  one person famous whose first  is elizabeth is	elizabeth hurley.
real or fictional one famous man with long hair is	jesus.
real or fictional one famous man with long hair is	fabio.
real or fictional one famous man with long hair is	samson.
real or fictional one famous man with long hair is	howard stern.
real or fictional one famous man with long hair is	george washington.
real or fictional one famous man with long hair is	hercules.
real or fictional one famous man with long hair is	albert einstein.
real or not,  one person famous d jose is	jose feliciano.
real or not,  one person famous d jose is	jose cuervo.
real or not,  one person famous d jose is	jose canseco.
real or not,  one person famous d jose is	jose ferrer.
real or not,  one person famous d jose is	jose jimenez.
real or not,  one person famous d jose is	jose gerco.
real or not,  one person famous d jose is	jose iturbi.
real or not,  one person famous d jose is	jose gonzalez.
some men are placing want ads for wives  one of the job requirements that might be listed is	housekeeping.
some men are placing want ads for wives  one of the job requirements that might be listed is	pretty.
some men are placing want ads for wives  one of the job requirements that might be listed is	loving.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth is	2.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth is	3.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth is	4.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth is	5.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth is	6.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth is	10.
the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth is	20.
how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant is	$50.
how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant is	$30.
how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant is	$25.
how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant is	$15.
how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant is	$20.
how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant is	$60.
how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant is	$100.
one way that a babysitter knows the parents are nervous about leaving is	hesitate to leave.
one way that a babysitter knows the parents are nervous about leaving is	calling repeatedly.
one way that a babysitter knows the parents are nervous about leaving is	crying.
one way that a babysitter knows the parents are nervous about leaving is	lots of questions.
one way that a babysitter knows the parents are nervous about leaving is	leave phone numbers.
one way that a babysitter knows the parents are nervous about leaving is	lots of instructions.
one reason you'd hate to run into your boss at the beach is	called in sick.
one reason you'd hate to run into your boss at the beach is	skimpy suit.
one reason you'd hate to run into your boss at the beach is	you're drinking.
one reason you'd hate to run into your boss at the beach is	ruin a good time.
one thing a person might ask their partner to quit is	smoking.
one thing a person might ask their partner to quit is	drinking.
one thing a person might ask their partner to quit is	job.
one thing a person might ask their partner to quit is	talking.
one thing you put in an emergency road kit is	flares.
one thing you put in an emergency road kit is	flashlight.
one thing you put in an emergency road kit is	first aid kit.
one thing you put in an emergency road kit is	blanket.
one thing you put in an emergency road kit is	car jack.
one thing you put in an emergency road kit is	water.
one thing you put in an emergency road kit is	jumper cables.
the first big item you buy when moving to a new house is	bed.
the first big item you buy when moving to a new house is	couch.
the first big item you buy when moving to a new house is	tv.
the first big item you buy when moving to a new house is	fridge.
one good reason to attend your company holiday party is	food/drinks.
one good reason to attend your company holiday party is	presents/bonus.
one good reason to attend your company holiday party is	fun.
one good reason to attend your company holiday party is	to network/suck up.
the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends is	10.
the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends is	12.
the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends is	8.
the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends is	13.
the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends is	11.
the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends is	14.
the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends is	9.
the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only) is	5.
the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only) is	6.
the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only) is	7.
the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only) is	4.
the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only) is	3.
the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only) is	10.
the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only) is	2.
one thing that can momentarily blind you is	sun.
one thing that can momentarily blind you is	bright light.
one thing that can momentarily blind you is	camara flash.
one thing that can momentarily blind you is	pepper spray.
one thing that can momentarily blind you is	love.
one thing that you'd prefer to do with strangers rather than family is	socialize.
one thing that you'd prefer to do with strangers rather than family is	date.
one thing that you'd prefer to do with strangers rather than family is	work.
one thing that you'd prefer to do with strangers rather than family is	fight.
one city in which youd never be bored is	new york city.
one city in which youd never be bored is	las vegas.
one city in which youd never be bored is	paris.
one city in which youd never be bored is	los angeles.
one city in which youd never be bored is	chicago.
one city in which youd never be bored is	new orleans.
one city in which youd never be bored is	miami.
one thing that americans want to do while visiting france is	eat french cuisine.
one thing that americans want to do while visiting france is	shop.
one thing that americans want to do while visiting france is	see eiffel tower.
one thing that americans want to do while visiting france is	drink wine.
who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home is	salesperson.
who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home is	collections/landlord.
who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home is	parents/in laws.
who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home is	neighbor.
who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home is	cops.
who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home is	friend.
who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home is	postal worker.
one characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished is	has gray hair.
one characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished is	has facial hair.
one characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished is	wealthy.
one characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished is	handsome.
one characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished is	smart.
one characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished is	tall.
one characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished is	wears a suit.
the age that most people want to live until is	100.
the age that most people want to live until is	80.
the age that most people want to live until is	90.
the age that most people want to live until is	75.
the age that most people want to live until is	70.
the age of a woman that is too young to be dating a 50 year old man is	20.
the age of a woman that is too young to be dating a 50 year old man is	18.
the age of a woman that is too young to be dating a 50 year old man is	25.
the age of a woman that is too young to be dating a 50 year old man is	30.
the age of the average babysitter is	16.
the age of the average babysitter is	15.
the age of the average babysitter is	14.
the age of the average babysitter is	13.
the age of the average babysitter is	17.
the age of the average babysitter is	18.
the age of the average babysitter is	12.
one thing you would feel uncomfortable talking to your grandmother about is	send us your answers!.
one thing you would feel uncomfortable talking to your grandmother about is	love life.
one thing you might do on a sunday is	send us your answers!.
one thing you might do on a sunday is	church.
one thing you might do on a sunday is	sleep in.
one way you reward yourself is	send us your answers!.
one way you reward yourself is	buy stuff.
how old a woman is before she starts lying about her age # only is	41.
how old a woman is before she starts lying about her age # only is	30.
how old a woman is before she starts lying about her age # only is	35.
how many beers it takes the average man to get drunk is	5.
how many beers it takes the average man to get drunk is	6.
one word women use for a very good-looking guy is	hunk.
one word women use for a very good-looking guy is	hot/hottie.
one word women use for a very good-looking guy is	handsome.
one word women use for a very good-looking guy is	cute.
one word women use for a very good-looking guy is	stud.
one word women use for a very good-looking guy is	sexy.
one word women use for a very good-looking guy is	fine.
one word women use to describe very attractive men is	"hot".
one word women use to describe very attractive men is	"hunk".
one word women use to describe very attractive men is	"handsome".
one word women use to describe very attractive men is	"fine".
one word women use to describe very attractive men is	"sexy".
one thing people renovate in their house is	kitchen.
one thing people renovate in their house is	bathroom.
one thing people renovate in their house is	living room.
one thing people renovate in their house is	basement.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	around.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	playing.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	mucking about.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	messing around.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	horseplay.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	goofing around.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	fooling around.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	lying.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	fibbing.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	exaggerating.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	bending truth.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	untruth.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	dishonest.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	picking.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	nose picking.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	their diet.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	diet.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	breaking their diet.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	breaking diet.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	busybodies.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	gossiping.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	rumor.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	robbing.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	burglarizing.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	snatching.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	stealing.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	pickpocketing.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	thieving.
one thing people love to catch other people doing is	shoplifting.
one thing that can have a dead end is	street/road.
one thing that can have a dead end is	job.
one thing that can have a dead end is	hair.
one thing that can have a dead end is	driveway.
one thing a bride wants to be huge is	wedding venue.
one thing a bride wants to be huge is	cake.
one thing a bride wants to be huge is	wedding rings.
one thing a bride wants to be huge is	wedding reception.
one thing a recipe instructs you to do that sounds violent is	beat.
one thing a recipe instructs you to do that sounds violent is	whip.
one thing a recipe instructs you to do that sounds violent is	pound.
one thing a recipe instructs you to do that sounds violent is	chop.
one thing a recipe instructs you to do that sounds violent is	mash.
one thing a recipe instructs you to do that sounds violent is	grind.
one celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a flight is	justin beiber.
one celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a flight is	gilbert gottfried.
one celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a flight is	miley cyrus.
one celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a flight is	lindsay lohan.
one thing that you split is	food.
one thing that you split is	bills.
one thing that you split is	firewood.
one thing that you split is	trousers.
one thing that you split is	atom.
one thing that you split is	bowling pins.
one thing people decorate their houses with on halloween is	jack o'lanterns.
one thing people decorate their houses with on halloween is	ghosts.
one thing people decorate their houses with on halloween is	spider webs.
one thing people decorate their houses with on halloween is	skeletons.
one thing people decorate their houses with on halloween is	halloween lights.
one thing people play for hours and hours is	video/computer game.
one thing people play for hours and hours is	cards/board game.
one thing people play for hours and hours is	music/radio.
one thing people play for hours and hours is	sports.
one thing people decorate their house with for halloween is	jack o'lanterns.
one thing people decorate their house with for halloween is	ghosts.
one thing people decorate their house with for halloween is	spider webs.
one thing people decorate their house with for halloween is	skeletons.
one thing people decorate their house with for halloween is	halloween lights.
one noise that would make you call the police is	gunshot.
one noise that would make you call the police is	breaking glass.
one noise that would make you call the police is	scream.
one noise that would make you call the police is	car crash.
one noise that would make you call the police is	explosion.
one situation where it is difficult to keep your cool is	argument.
one situation where it is difficult to keep your cool is	long lines.
one situation where it is difficult to keep your cool is	car accident.
one situation where it is difficult to keep your cool is	traffic.
one situation where it is difficult to keep your cool is	break up.
one situation where it is difficult to keep your cool is	court.
one thing you might boil before you eat it is	eggs.
one thing you might boil before you eat it is	potatoes.
one thing you might boil before you eat it is	hot dog.
one thing you might boil before you eat it is	pasta.
one thing you might boil before you eat it is	chicken.
one thing it would be impossible to do standing up is	sleep/lie down.
one thing it would be impossible to do standing up is	drive.
one thing it would be impossible to do standing up is	go 2!.
one thing it would be impossible to do standing up is	socks/shoes on.
one thing it would be impossible to do standing up is	make love.
one thing you really didn't want to do, so you pretended you were sick is	work.
one thing you really didn't want to do, so you pretended you were sick is	family gathering.
one thing you really didn't want to do, so you pretended you were sick is	school.
one thing you really didn't want to do, so you pretended you were sick is	party/wedding.
one thing you really didn't want to do, so you pretended you were sick is	a date.
one thing about a zombie is	undead.
one thing about a zombie is	ugly.
one thing about a zombie is	walk funny.
one thing about a zombie is	scary.
one thing about a zombie is	not real.
one thing you wish you could do over again is	school.
one thing you wish you could do over again is	marriage.
one thing you wish you could do over again is	childhood.
one thing you wish you could do over again is	life.
one pet that might live longer than its owner is	turtle.
one pet that might live longer than its owner is	bird.
one pet that might live longer than its owner is	dog.
one pet that might live longer than its owner is	cat.
the shape of a ufo is	circular.
the shape of a ufo is	oval.
the shape of a ufo is	triangular.
the shape of a ufo is	sphere.
one thing that ruins your dinner is	burnt food.
one thing that ruins your dinner is	phone call.
one thing that ruins your dinner is	bad conversation.
one thing that ruins your dinner is	fly.
one thing that ruins your dinner is	cold food.
one thing sharks are known to eat is	people.
one thing sharks are known to eat is	fish.
one type of dog that wouldn't make a good seeing eye dog is	chihuahua.
one type of dog that wouldn't make a good seeing eye dog is	pit bull.
one type of dog that wouldn't make a good seeing eye dog is	poodle.
one type of dog that wouldn't make a good seeing eye dog is	shih tzu.
one type of dog that wouldn't make a good seeing eye dog is	terrier.
one type of dog that wouldn't make a good seeing eye dog is	dalmatian.
one way you've finished this sentence "i'm so mad i could ____" is	scream.
one way you've finished this sentence "i'm so mad i could ____" is	cry.
one way you've finished this sentence "i'm so mad i could ____" is	spit.
one way you've finished this sentence "i'm so mad i could ____" is	shout.
the talk show you think has the best guests is	oprah.
the talk show you think has the best guests is	jay leno.
the talk show you think has the best guests is	ellen degeneres.
the talk show you think has the best guests is	regis & kelly.
the talk show you think has the best guests is	maury povich.
the talk show you think has the best guests is	david letterman.
one thing that might distract you at work is	phone.
one thing that might distract you at work is	coworkers.
one thing that might distract you at work is	cute people.
one thing that might distract you at work is	talking.
one thing that might distract you at work is	internet.
one thing that might distract you at work is	loud noise.
one thing people know about shrek is	he's green.
one thing people know about shrek is	he's an ugly ogre.
one thing people know about shrek is	he's big.
one thing people know about shrek is	he's funny.
one thing people know about shrek is	cartoon/movie.
one thing people know about shrek is	he's nice.
one thing that tom cruise has been known to jump on is	oprah's couch.
one thing that tom cruise has been known to jump on is	moving vehicle.
one thing that tom cruise has been known to jump on is	other people.
one thing that tom cruise has been known to jump on is	building.
one thing that tom cruise has been known to jump on is	horse.
one place where you might see a lot of mirrors is	funhouse.
one place where you might see a lot of mirrors is	bathroom.
one place where you might see a lot of mirrors is	dressing room.
one place where you might see a lot of mirrors is	beauty shop.
one place where you might see a lot of mirrors is	store.
one place where you might see a lot of mirrors is	dance studio.
one thing around the house that you empty is	trash can.
one thing around the house that you empty is	ashtray.
one thing around the house that you empty is	dishwasher.
one thing around the house that you empty is	ice cube tray.
one word you might use to describe bill gates is	rich.
one word you might use to describe bill gates is	intelligent.
one word you might use to describe bill gates is	ugly.
one word you might use to describe bill gates is	microsoft.
one word you might use to describe bill gates is	liberal.
one thing people cook on a backyard grill is	hamburgers.
one thing people cook on a backyard grill is	steak.
one thing people cook on a backyard grill is	hot dogs.
one thing people cook on a backyard grill is	chicken.
one thing people cook on a backyard grill is	ribs.
one thing people cook on a backyard grill is	pork chops.
one thing you hope won't happen when you're driving is	car accident.
one thing you hope won't happen when you're driving is	fall asleep.
one thing you hope won't happen when you're driving is	heart attack/ill.
one thing you hope won't happen when you're driving is	hit pedestrian.
unlike dogs, one type of pet that people don't count on to guard their house is	cat.
unlike dogs, one type of pet that people don't count on to guard their house is	bird.
unlike dogs, one type of pet that people don't count on to guard their house is	fish.
unlike dogs, one type of pet that people don't count on to guard their house is	lizard.
unlike dogs, one type of pet that people don't count on to guard their house is	rat/mouse.
unlike dogs, one type of pet that people don't count on to guard their house is	hamster.
unlike coffee one beverage that you could never make money off selling by the cup is	water.
unlike coffee one beverage that you could never make money off selling by the cup is	milk.
unlike coffee one beverage that you could never make money off selling by the cup is	lemonade.
unlike coffee one beverage that you could never make money off selling by the cup is	soda.
one might you find out about a man that would make you think he wasn't ready to commit is	two timing.
one might you find out about a man that would make you think he wasn't ready to commit is	lives with parents.
one might you find out about a man that would make you think he wasn't ready to commit is	parties alot.
one might you find out about a man that would make you think he wasn't ready to commit is	young.
one might you find out about a man that would make you think he wasn't ready to commit is	hung up on ex.
one might you find out about a man that would make you think he wasn't ready to commit is	no job.
one would a car thief hate to find in the backseat of the car he'd just stolen is	child.
one would a car thief hate to find in the backseat of the car he'd just stolen is	dog.
one would a car thief hate to find in the backseat of the car he'd just stolen is	police officer.
one would a car thief hate to find in the backseat of the car he'd just stolen is	owner.
one ailment might you have the morning after a wild party is	hangover.
one ailment might you have the morning after a wild party is	headache.
one ailment might you have the morning after a wild party is	sore dancing legs.
one ailment might you have the morning after a wild party is	nausea.
one extra piece of clothing might wear to a game of strip poker to delay taking off your essentials is	socks/stockings.
one extra piece of clothing might wear to a game of strip poker to delay taking off your essentials is	under shirt/t shirt.
one extra piece of clothing might wear to a game of strip poker to delay taking off your essentials is	jacket.
one extra piece of clothing might wear to a game of strip poker to delay taking off your essentials is	scarf.
one extra piece of clothing might wear to a game of strip poker to delay taking off your essentials is	thermals.
one extra piece of clothing might wear to a game of strip poker to delay taking off your essentials is	hat.
Q: why might you leave a restaurant before even eating there? A:	dirty.
Q: why might you leave a restaurant before even eating there? A:	bad service.
Q: why might you leave a restaurant before even eating there? A:	crowded.
Q: why might you leave a restaurant before even eating there? A:	bugs bunny.
Q: why might you leave a restaurant before even eating there? A:	long wait.
one do roommates fight about most often is	bills.
one do roommates fight about most often is	cleaning.
one do roommates fight about most often is	food.
one do roommates fight about most often is	bathroom.
one do roommates fight about most often is	noise.
one kind of food should not be served at a wedding is	pizza.
one kind of food should not be served at a wedding is	hamburgers.
one kind of food should not be served at a wedding is	sanswiches.
one kind of food should not be served at a wedding is	hot dogs.
one do most people hope to accomplish by the time they are is	pursue a career.
one do most people hope to accomplish by the time they are is	get married.
one do most people hope to accomplish by the time they are is	have kids.
one do most people hope to accomplish by the time they are is	buy a house.
one do most people hope to accomplish by the time they are is	finish college.
we asked parents one thing youd tell your children to do first before getting married is	finish school.
we asked parents one thing youd tell your children to do first before getting married is	fall in love.
we asked parents one thing youd tell your children to do first before getting married is	get a job.
we asked parents one thing youd tell your children to do first before getting married is	date others.
we asked parents one thing youd tell your children to do first before getting married is	have fun.
we asked parents one thing youd tell your children to do first before getting married is	live together.
one might a health inspector find in a restaurant that causes it to get a poor score is	rodents.
one might a health inspector find in a restaurant that causes it to get a poor score is	bugs/roaches.
one might a health inspector find in a restaurant that causes it to get a poor score is	dirty dishes.
one might a health inspector find in a restaurant that causes it to get a poor score is	mold.
one might a health inspector find in a restaurant that causes it to get a poor score is	hair.
when traveling in a foreign country one thing youd hate to forget the word for is	bathroom.
when traveling in a foreign country one thing youd hate to forget the word for is	hello.
when traveling in a foreign country one thing youd hate to forget the word for is	food.
when traveling in a foreign country one thing youd hate to forget the word for is	thank you.
when traveling in a foreign country one thing youd hate to forget the word for is	help.
when traveling in a foreign country one thing youd hate to forget the word for is	please.
when traveling in a foreign country one thing youd hate to forget the word for is	money.
one might a professional athlete do just after a sports game to avoid getting sore muscles is	stretch.
one might a professional athlete do just after a sports game to avoid getting sore muscles is	get a massage.
one might a professional athlete do just after a sports game to avoid getting sore muscles is	soak in hot tub.
one might a professional athlete do just after a sports game to avoid getting sore muscles is	apply ice.
one color would you be surprised to see a bride wearing on her wedding day is	black.
one color would you be surprised to see a bride wearing on her wedding day is	red.
one color would you be surprised to see a bride wearing on her wedding day is	green.
one color of car do you think gets pulled over most often is	red.
one color of car do you think gets pulled over most often is	black.
one color of car do you think gets pulled over most often is	white.
one color of car do you think gets pulled over most often is	silver.
one color of car do you think gets pulled over most often is	blue.
one color of car do you think gets pulled over most often is	green.
Q: why might one person dislike a family feud question? A:	hard/confusing.
Q: why might one person dislike a family feud question? A:	silly.
Q: why might one person dislike a family feud question? A:	too easy.
Q: why might one person dislike a family feud question? A:	too personal.
Q: why might one person dislike a family feud question? A:	bad answers.
Q: why might one person dislike a family feud question? A:	too american.
Q: why might one person dislike a family feud question? A:	too long.
one do people do more on the th of july than on the th of july is	drink.
one do people do more on the th of july than on the th of july is	fireworks.
one do people do more on the th of july than on the th of july is	eat.
one do people do more on the th of july than on the th of july is	sleep.
one do people pay to have guessed at the carnival is	weight.
one do people pay to have guessed at the carnival is	age.
one do people pay to have guessed at the carnival is	future.
one do people pay to have guessed at the carnival is	height.
Q: why would one person like star wars, but not star trek? A:	characters.
Q: why would one person like star wars, but not star trek? A:	more action.
Q: why would one person like star wars, but not star trek? A:	light sabers.
Q: why would one person like star wars, but not star trek? A:	prefer movies.
Q: why would one person like star wars, but not star trek? A:	special effects.
Q: without yelling, how does a mime defend his position in an argument? A:	gesture.
Q: without yelling, how does a mime defend his position in an argument? A:	point finger.
Q: without yelling, how does a mime defend his position in an argument? A:	facial expression.
Q: without yelling, how does a mime defend his position in an argument? A:	battle.
Q: without yelling, how does a mime defend his position in an argument? A:	stomp.
one famous painter would you ask to paint your portrait is	picasso.
one famous painter would you ask to paint your portrait is	van gogh.
one famous painter would you ask to paint your portrait is	da vinci.
one famous painter would you ask to paint your portrait is	monet.
one famous painter would you ask to paint your portrait is	michaelangelo.
one topic would you see in a women's magazine that's never in a men's magazine is	make up.
one topic would you see in a women's magazine that's never in a men's magazine is	period.
one topic would you see in a women's magazine that's never in a men's magazine is	fashion.
one topic would you see in a women's magazine that's never in a men's magazine is	cooking.
one topic would you see in a women's magazine that's never in a men's magazine is	pregnancy.
one spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley is	jason.
one spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley is	dracula.
one spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley is	ghost.
one spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley is	witch.
one spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley is	frankenstein.
one spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley is	freddy krueger.
one spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley is	zombie.
one sticks in your head most from an irritating but memorable commercial is	song.
one sticks in your head most from an irritating but memorable commercial is	character/ voice.
one sticks in your head most from an irritating but memorable commercial is	slogan.
one sticks in your head most from an irritating but memorable commercial is	the product.
one do some people refuse to go swimming without is	bathing suit.
one do some people refuse to go swimming without is	sunscreen.
one do some people refuse to go swimming without is	goggles.
one do some people refuse to go swimming without is	a swim cap.
one do some people refuse to go swimming without is	float/ inner tube.
one do some people refuse to go swimming without is	life vest/ floaties.
one do some people refuse to go swimming without is	a friend.
one square object in your home could you not live without is	tv.
one square object in your home could you not live without is	computer.
one square object in your home could you not live without is	microwave.
one square object in your home could you not live without is	stove.
one square object in your home could you not live without is	table.
one square object in your home could you not live without is	washer.
one kinds of clothes and accessories would you find in the closet of a truck driver is	trucker hat.
one kinds of clothes and accessories would you find in the closet of a truck driver is	jeans.
one kinds of clothes and accessories would you find in the closet of a truck driver is	flannel shirt.
one kinds of clothes and accessories would you find in the closet of a truck driver is	boots.
one kinds of clothes and accessories would you find in the closet of a truck driver is	t shirts.
one kinds of clothes and accessories would you find in the closet of a truck driver is	overalls.
without the uniform, one way to tell that one person is in the mlitary is	haircut.
without the uniform, one way to tell that one person is in the mlitary is	confident walk.
without the uniform, one way to tell that one person is in the mlitary is	badge.
without the uniform, one way to tell that one person is in the mlitary is	good posture.
one do people do that could get them kicked out of a museum is	touch the art.
one do people do that could get them kicked out of a museum is	run.
one do people do that could get them kicked out of a museum is	steal.
one do people do that could get them kicked out of a museum is	yell.
one do people do that could get them kicked out of a museum is	bring food in.
one do people do that could get them kicked out of a museum is	break something.
one do santa claus, easter bunny, and the tooth fairy have in common is	some don't believe.
one do santa claus, easter bunny, and the tooth fairy have in common is	special occasions.
one do santa claus, easter bunny, and the tooth fairy have in common is	bring gifts.
one do santa claus, easter bunny, and the tooth fairy have in common is	kids love them.
one do santa claus, easter bunny, and the tooth fairy have in common is	visit at night.
Q: where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time? A:	car.
Q: where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time? A:	airplane.
Q: where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time? A:	bus.
Q: where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time? A:	train.
Q: where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time? A:	church.
Q: where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time? A:	jail.
Q: where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time? A:	school.
when its cold outside one thing you dream about doing on a sunny beach is	tanning.
when its cold outside one thing you dream about doing on a sunny beach is	swimming.
when its cold outside one thing you dream about doing on a sunny beach is	tropical drinks.
when its cold outside one thing you dream about doing on a sunny beach is	picnic.
when its cold outside one thing you dream about doing on a sunny beach is	volleyball.
one might some women love more than their spouse is	children.
one might some women love more than their spouse is	money.
one might some women love more than their spouse is	shopping.
one might some women love more than their spouse is	shoes.
one might some women love more than their spouse is	pet.
one might some women love more than their spouse is	chocolate.
one might some women love more than their spouse is	jewelry.
Q: why might you fly home for the holidays instead of driving? A:	faster.
Q: why might you fly home for the holidays instead of driving? A:	distance.
Q: why might you fly home for the holidays instead of driving? A:	avoid traffic.
Q: why might you fly home for the holidays instead of driving? A:	road conditions.
Q: why might you fly home for the holidays instead of driving? A:	gas prices.
who or one would you not want to meet in the middle of a hiking trail is	bear.
who or one would you not want to meet in the middle of a hiking trail is	snake.
who or one would you not want to meet in the middle of a hiking trail is	criminal.
who or one would you not want to meet in the middle of a hiking trail is	mountain lion.
who or one would you not want to meet in the middle of a hiking trail is	wolf.
who or one would you not want to meet in the middle of a hiking trail is	big foot.
one item do people always keep inside their cars is	flashlight.
one item do people always keep inside their cars is	map.
one item do people always keep inside their cars is	umbrella.
one item do people always keep inside their cars is	registration.
one item do people always keep inside their cars is	sunglasses.
one item do people always keep inside their cars is	tissues.
one profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house is	plumber.
one profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house is	carpenter.
one profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house is	doctor.
one profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house is	housekeeper.
one profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house is	chef.
one profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house is	electrician.
one profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house is	mechanic.
one animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles is	horse.
one animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles is	kangaroo.
one animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles is	cheetah.
one animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles is	dog.
one animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles is	giraffe.
one animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles is	rabbit.
one animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles is	gazelle.
when sitting next to one person she likes one thing a woman does to flirt is	smile.
when sitting next to one person she likes one thing a woman does to flirt is	wink.
when sitting next to one person she likes one thing a woman does to flirt is	chat them up.
when sitting next to one person she likes one thing a woman does to flirt is	play with hair.
when sitting next to one person she likes one thing a woman does to flirt is	giggle.
one quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee is	appearance.
one quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee is	honesty.
one quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee is	experience.
one quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee is	personality.
one quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee is	education.
one quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee is	intelligence.
one quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee is	confidence.
one do college students do that annoys their professors the most is	talk.
one do college students do that annoys their professors the most is	fall asleep.
one do college students do that annoys their professors the most is	skip class.
one do college students do that annoys their professors the most is	cheat.
one do college students do that annoys their professors the most is	text message.
one do college students do that annoys their professors the most is	arrive late.
one do college students do that annoys their professors the most is	chew gum.
Q: we asked married people after how many did you know your partner was the one? A:	1.
Q: we asked married people after how many did you know your partner was the one? A:	2.
Q: we asked married people after how many did you know your partner was the one? A:	3.
Q: we asked married people after how many did you know your partner was the one? A:	4.
Q: we asked married people after how many did you know your partner was the one? A:	5.
Q: we asked married people after how many did you know your partner was the one? A:	10.
one kind of bread would be horrible for making a sandwich is	banana.
one kind of bread would be horrible for making a sandwich is	garlic.
one kind of bread would be horrible for making a sandwich is	cinnamon raisin.
one kind of bread would be horrible for making a sandwich is	cornbread.
one kind of bread would be horrible for making a sandwich is	pumpkin/zucchini.
one do cats have the we dont have is	tails.
one do cats have the we dont have is	claws.
one do cats have the we dont have is	fur.
one do cats have the we dont have is	paws.
one do cats have the we dont have is	9 lives.
Q: who do many celebrities thank after a win at an awards show? A:	god.
Q: who do many celebrities thank after a win at an awards show? A:	fans.
Q: who do many celebrities thank after a win at an awards show? A:	parents.
Q: who do many celebrities thank after a win at an awards show? A:	partner.
Q: who do many celebrities thank after a win at an awards show? A:	producer.
Q: who do many celebrities thank after a win at an awards show? A:	director.
Q: we asked women where do you wish your partner was more willing to go with you? A:	shopping.
Q: we asked women where do you wish your partner was more willing to go with you? A:	church.
Q: we asked women where do you wish your partner was more willing to go with you? A:	movie theatre.
Q: we asked women where do you wish your partner was more willing to go with you? A:	salon/spa.
Q: we asked women where do you wish your partner was more willing to go with you? A:	dancing.
one kind of pants are best to wear when you're planning to overeat at thanksgiving is	sweat pants.
one kind of pants are best to wear when you're planning to overeat at thanksgiving is	stretch pants.
one kind of pants are best to wear when you're planning to overeat at thanksgiving is	jeans.
one kind of pants are best to wear when you're planning to overeat at thanksgiving is	overalls.
one kind of pants are best to wear when you're planning to overeat at thanksgiving is	track pants.
one is the best part of a 4th of july parade is	fireworks.
one is the best part of a 4th of july parade is	floats.
one is the best part of a 4th of july parade is	candy.
one is the best part of a 4th of july parade is	music.
one is the best part of a 4th of july parade is	costumes.
one is the best part of a 4th of july parade is	fire trucks.
one part of holiday preparation do you always put off til the last minute is	shopping.
one part of holiday preparation do you always put off til the last minute is	cooking.
one part of holiday preparation do you always put off til the last minute is	cleaning.
one part of holiday preparation do you always put off til the last minute is	wrapping gifts.
one part of holiday preparation do you always put off til the last minute is	decorating.
Q: why might one person ride their bike to work? A:	no car.
Q: why might one person ride their bike to work? A:	exercise.
Q: why might one person ride their bike to work? A:	save gas.
Q: why might one person ride their bike to work? A:	environment.
one might you see inside a bag of chips that would make you stop eating them is	hair.
one might you see inside a bag of chips that would make you stop eating them is	bug.
one might you see inside a bag of chips that would make you stop eating them is	mold.
one do people start having more of in their car once they have kids is	toys.
one do people start having more of in their car once they have kids is	trash.
one do people start having more of in their car once they have kids is	car seats.
one do people start having more of in their car once they have kids is	food/drink.
one do people start having more of in their car once they have kids is	spills.
with eyes closed, one thing about a man's mouth that a woman kissing him could use to identify him is	facial hair.
with eyes closed, one thing about a man's mouth that a woman kissing him could use to identify him is	size of lips.
with eyes closed, one thing about a man's mouth that a woman kissing him could use to identify him is	smell.
with eyes closed, one thing about a man's mouth that a woman kissing him could use to identify him is	braces/teeth.
one domestic activity would you be surprised to find mrs claus couldnt do is	cook.
one domestic activity would you be surprised to find mrs claus couldnt do is	sew.
one domestic activity would you be surprised to find mrs claus couldnt do is	clean.
one domestic activity would you be surprised to find mrs claus couldnt do is	laundry.
Q: we asked men where do women just hate to go? A:	sport events.
Q: we asked men where do women just hate to go? A:	bar.
Q: we asked men where do women just hate to go? A:	work.
Q: we asked men where do women just hate to go? A:	supermarket.
Q: we asked men where do women just hate to go? A:	strip club.
Q: we asked men where do women just hate to go? A:	doctor/dentist.
when living in an apartment one thing you can often hear your neighbors doing is	fighting.
when living in an apartment one thing you can often hear your neighbors doing is	talking.
when living in an apartment one thing you can often hear your neighbors doing is	watching tv.
when living in an apartment one thing you can often hear your neighbors doing is	partying.
when living in an apartment one thing you can often hear your neighbors doing is	vacuuming.
one should a spy avoid wearing, if he doesn't want to be identified by his profession is	sunglasses.
one should a spy avoid wearing, if he doesn't want to be identified by his profession is	hat.
one should a spy avoid wearing, if he doesn't want to be identified by his profession is	trench coat.
one should a spy avoid wearing, if he doesn't want to be identified by his profession is	wig.
one should a spy avoid wearing, if he doesn't want to be identified by his profession is	badge.
one should a spy avoid wearing, if he doesn't want to be identified by his profession is	weapon.
with regard to dating, one thing moms warn their sons to avoid is	becoming intimate.
with regard to dating, one thing moms warn their sons to avoid is	greedy girl.
with regard to dating, one thing moms warn their sons to avoid is	becoming a father.
with regard to dating, one thing moms warn their sons to avoid is	bad girls.
one might a bankrobber wear in order to keep his identity a secret is	mask.
one might a bankrobber wear in order to keep his identity a secret is	gloves.
one might a bankrobber wear in order to keep his identity a secret is	wig.
one might a bankrobber wear in order to keep his identity a secret is	hat.
one might a bankrobber wear in order to keep his identity a secret is	sunglasses.
one's the last thing you did before you left the house this morning is	locked door.
one's the last thing you did before you left the house this morning is	kissed family bye.
one's the last thing you did before you left the house this morning is	turned lights off.
one's the last thing you did before you left the house this morning is	drank coffee/ate.
one's the last thing you did before you left the house this morning is	brushed teeth.
one's the last thing you did before you left the house this morning is	took care of pets.
we surveyed 100 single menone thing you own that you hate to have other people playing around with is	car.
we surveyed 100 single menone thing you own that you hate to have other people playing around with is	computer.
we surveyed 100 single menone thing you own that you hate to have other people playing around with is	tools.
we surveyed 100 single menone thing you own that you hate to have other people playing around with is	stereo.
we surveyed 100 single menone thing you own that you hate to have other people playing around with is	cd's/music.
when you're stressed out,  the part of your body where you feel it the most is	head.
when you're stressed out,  the part of your body where you feel it the most is	chest.
one did people use to plan vacations before the internet is	send us your answers!.
one did people use to plan vacations before the internet is	travel agent.
we surveyed 100 married menone female celebrity whose figure you wish your wife had is	jennifer lopez.
we surveyed 100 married menone female celebrity whose figure you wish your wife had is	halle berry.
we surveyed 100 married menone female celebrity whose figure you wish your wife had is	pamela anderson.
we surveyed 100 married menone female celebrity whose figure you wish your wife had is	britney spears.
we surveyed 100 married menone female celebrity whose figure you wish your wife had is	vanessa williams.
when you stay in a hotel, one thing you worry isn't really clean is	sheets.
when you stay in a hotel, one thing you worry isn't really clean is	bathroom.
when you stay in a hotel, one thing you worry isn't really clean is	bedspread.
when you stay in a hotel, one thing you worry isn't really clean is	carpet.
when you stay in a hotel, one thing you worry isn't really clean is	restaurant.
when you stay in a hotel, one thing you worry isn't really clean is	pillow.
we surveyed 100 womenone women's magazine do you think gives the best fashion advice is	vogue.
we surveyed 100 womenone women's magazine do you think gives the best fashion advice is	glamour.
we surveyed 100 womenone women's magazine do you think gives the best fashion advice is	cosmopolitan.
we surveyed 100 womenone women's magazine do you think gives the best fashion advice is	elle.
we surveyed 100 womenone women's magazine do you think gives the best fashion advice is	o magazine.
we surveyed 100 married menwhen your wife is talking to you, one are you thinking about is	sex.
we surveyed 100 married menwhen your wife is talking to you, one are you thinking about is	topic at hand.
we surveyed 100 married menwhen your wife is talking to you, one are you thinking about is	i love her.
we surveyed 100 married menwhen your wife is talking to you, one are you thinking about is	golf/sports.
we surveyed 100 married menwhen your wife is talking to you, one are you thinking about is	why she complains.
Q: when you arrive in heaven, who do you think will be there to greet you? A:	family/loved ones.
Q: when you arrive in heaven, who do you think will be there to greet you? A:	jesus and god.
Q: when you arrive in heaven, who do you think will be there to greet you? A:	st. peter.
Q: when you arrive in heaven, who do you think will be there to greet you? A:	angels.
Q: where do nudists go in the winter? A:	florida.
Q: where do nudists go in the winter? A:	indoors.
Q: where do nudists go in the winter? A:	hawaii.
Q: where do nudists go in the winter? A:	california.
Q: where do nudists go in the winter? A:	arizona.
Q: where do nudists go in the winter? A:	bahamas.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing your parents always want to know about the man you're dating is	job/employed?.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing your parents always want to know about the man you're dating is	his age?.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing your parents always want to know about the man you're dating is	nice/personality?.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing your parents always want to know about the man you're dating is	income/rich?.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing your parents always want to know about the man you're dating is	what religion?.
we surveyed 100 single womenone thing your parents always want to know about the man you're dating is	nice family?.
one state has the most lawyers is	new york.
one state has the most lawyers is	california.
one state has the most lawyers is	texas.
one state has the most lawyers is	florida.
one would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party is	streaked.
one would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party is	smooched co-worker.
one would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party is	got sick.
one would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party is	passed out.
one would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party is	danced on tables.
one would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party is	had an argument.
one would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party is	fell asleep.
one's a dog's worst enemy is	cats.
one's a dog's worst enemy is	people.
one's a dog's worst enemy is	fleas/ticks.
one's a dog's worst enemy is	other dogs.
when you let one person borrow your car, one thing you hate to discover after it's returned is	no gas.
when you let one person borrow your car, one thing you hate to discover after it's returned is	damage.
when you let one person borrow your car, one thing you hate to discover after it's returned is	dirty.
when you let one person borrow your car, one thing you hate to discover after it's returned is	smells bad.
we surveyed 100 menone thing women are always changing is	hair.
we surveyed 100 menone thing women are always changing is	clothes/shoes.
we surveyed 100 menone thing women are always changing is	mind/opinion.
we surveyed 100 menone thing women are always changing is	mood.
we surveyed 100 menone thing women are always changing is	nail polish.
we surveyed 100 married womenwhen your husband isn't home, one place you can be sure to find him is	work.
we surveyed 100 married womenwhen your husband isn't home, one place you can be sure to find him is	bar.
we surveyed 100 married womenwhen your husband isn't home, one place you can be sure to find him is	friend's house.
we surveyed 100 married womenwhen your husband isn't home, one place you can be sure to find him is	family's house.
we surveyed 100 married womenwhen your husband isn't home, one place you can be sure to find him is	sports/event.
one's something people arrive early for so they can get a good seat is	movie.
one's something people arrive early for so they can get a good seat is	play/show.
one's something people arrive early for so they can get a good seat is	concert.
one's something people arrive early for so they can get a good seat is	sporting event.
one's something people arrive early for so they can get a good seat is	church.
one's something people arrive early for so they can get a good seat is	party/wedding.
one might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore is	dig up treasure.
one might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore is	party.
one might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore is	sleep.
one might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore is	bury treasure.
one might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore is	swim.
one might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore is	sunbathe.
one might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore is	bathe.
one is the most common order a back-seat driver yells to the driver is	"slow down!".
one is the most common order a back-seat driver yells to the driver is	"watch out!".
one is the most common order a back-seat driver yells to the driver is	"stop!".
one is the most common order a back-seat driver yells to the driver is	"turn here!".
one is the most common order a back-seat driver yells to the driver is	"speed up!".
when a tv show actor is fired one often happens to their character is	killed off.
when a tv show actor is fired one often happens to their character is	new actor.
when a tv show actor is fired one often happens to their character is	move away.
one do you do for your dog that makes him happiest is	petting.
one do you do for your dog that makes him happiest is	feed.
one do you do for your dog that makes him happiest is	play with.
one do you do for your dog that makes him happiest is	walk.
one do you do for your dog that makes him happiest is	brush.
Q: when is the worst time to get sick? A:	vacation.
Q: when is the worst time to get sick? A:	christmas.
Q: when is the worst time to get sick? A:	holidays.
Q: when is the worst time to get sick? A:	wedding day.
Q: when is the worst time to get sick? A:	birthday.
Q: when is the worst time to get sick? A:	summer.
we surveyed 100 single womenone australian actor you wouldn't mind taking out back is	paul hogan/dundee.
we surveyed 100 single womenone australian actor you wouldn't mind taking out back is	mel gibson.
we surveyed 100 single womenone australian actor you wouldn't mind taking out back is	russell crowe.
we surveyed 100 single womenone australian actor you wouldn't mind taking out back is	heath ledger.
we surveyed 100 single womenone australian actor you wouldn't mind taking out back is	steve irwin.
one words would you use to describe the 4th of july is	freedom.
one words would you use to describe the 4th of july is	patriotic.
one words would you use to describe the 4th of july is	fun.
one words would you use to describe the 4th of july is	fireworks.
one words would you use to describe the 4th of july is	exciting.
one words would you use to describe the 4th of july is	festive.
one would you do if one person insulted you is	walk away/ignore.
one would you do if one person insulted you is	insult back.
one would you do if one person insulted you is	fight/hit them.
one would you do if one person insulted you is	forgive them.
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, one thing she might do to make herself feel better is	go shopping.
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, one thing she might do to make herself feel better is	wear a wig.
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, one thing she might do to make herself feel better is	get nails done.
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, one thing she might do to make herself feel better is	wear a hat.
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, one thing she might do to make herself feel better is	recut hair.
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, one thing she might do to make herself feel better is	eat.
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, one thing she might do to make herself feel better is	color hair.
we surveyed 100 womenone animal some men look like when they dance is	monkey/ape.
we surveyed 100 womenone animal some men look like when they dance is	bear.
we surveyed 100 womenone animal some men look like when they dance is	kangaroo.
we surveyed 100 womenone animal some men look like when they dance is	elephant.
we surveyed 100 womenone animal some men look like when they dance is	chicken.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing a good bachelorette party needs is	"naughty nudies".
we surveyed 100 womenone thing a good bachelorette party needs is	booze.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing a good bachelorette party needs is	music.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing a good bachelorette party needs is	food.
we surveyed 100 womenone thing a good bachelorette party needs is	girlfriends.
one's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one is	candles.
one's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one is	bubbles.
one's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one is	rose petals.
one's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one is	another person.
one's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one is	bath oil.
one's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one is	alcohol.
one's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one is	music.
one are common rules babysitters break is	having boys over.
one are common rules babysitters break is	curfew.
one are common rules babysitters break is	snacks.
one are common rules babysitters break is	smoke.
one are common rules babysitters break is	phone.
one do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son is	money.
one do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son is	you're fired.
one do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son is	mommy.
one do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son is	dada.
one do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son is	gimme.
one do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son is	buy.
one do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son is	combover.
one is something you might do ahead of time to prepare for your high school reunion is	lose weight.
one is something you might do ahead of time to prepare for your high school reunion is	get hair done.
one is something you might do ahead of time to prepare for your high school reunion is	buy new clothes.
one is something you might do ahead of time to prepare for your high school reunion is	find out who's coming.
one is something you might do ahead of time to prepare for your high school reunion is	drink.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do moms really want for mother's day is	family/love.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do moms really want for mother's day is	flowers.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do moms really want for mother's day is	time alone/peace.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do moms really want for mother's day is	dinner.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do moms really want for mother's day is	a vacation.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do moms really want for mother's day is	perfume.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do moms really want for mother's day is	jewelry.
we surveyed 100 married womenone do moms really want for mother's day is	a card.
[we may or may not have surveyed 100 11-year-olds] one person that kids tell lies to is	parents.
[we may or may not have surveyed 100 11-year-olds] one person that kids tell lies to is	teachers.
[we may or may not have surveyed 100 11-year-olds] one person that kids tell lies to is	friends/kids.
[we may or may not have surveyed 100 11-year-olds] one person that kids tell lies to is	grandparents.
one extra piece of clothing might be worn to a strip poker game to delay taking off your essentials is	socks/stockings.
one extra piece of clothing might be worn to a strip poker game to delay taking off your essentials is	undershirt.
one extra piece of clothing might be worn to a strip poker game to delay taking off your essentials is	jacket.
one extra piece of clothing might be worn to a strip poker game to delay taking off your essentials is	scarf.
one extra piece of clothing might be worn to a strip poker game to delay taking off your essentials is	thermals.
one extra piece of clothing might be worn to a strip poker game to delay taking off your essentials is	hat.
when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, one thing it's easy to trip over is	shoes.
when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, one thing it's easy to trip over is	pet.
when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, one thing it's easy to trip over is	clothes.
when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, one thing it's easy to trip over is	cord.
when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, one thing it's easy to trip over is	chair.
when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, one thing it's easy to trip over is	bed.
when a naughty kid is sent to his room, one thing he does to pass the time is	read a book.
when a naughty kid is sent to his room, one thing he does to pass the time is	play games/toys.
when a naughty kid is sent to his room, one thing he does to pass the time is	watch tv.
when a naughty kid is sent to his room, one thing he does to pass the time is	sleep.
when a naughty kid is sent to his room, one thing he does to pass the time is	use computer.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing about your wife you wouldn't dare criticize is	her weight/figure.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing about your wife you wouldn't dare criticize is	her cooking.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing about your wife you wouldn't dare criticize is	hair/face.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing about your wife you wouldn't dare criticize is	way she dresses.
we surveyed 100 married menone thing about your wife you wouldn't dare criticize is	her parents.
we surveyed 100 college guysone job you'd love to have at the playboy mansion is	pool boy.
we surveyed 100 college guysone job you'd love to have at the playboy mansion is	butler.
we surveyed 100 college guysone job you'd love to have at the playboy mansion is	chauffeur.
we surveyed 100 college guysone job you'd love to have at the playboy mansion is	photographer.
we surveyed 100 college guysone job you'd love to have at the playboy mansion is	guard.
one cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor is	daffy duck.
one cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor is	tasmanian devil.
one cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor is	spongebob.
one cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor is	roadrunner.
one cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor is	yosemite sam.
one cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor is	bugs bunny.
one cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor is	homer simpson.
